The characteristics of R5 version of this software, instruction manual, and design document were summarized.
Here was developed a phase shift magnetic sensor system composed of two sets of coils, amplifiers, and phase shifts for sensing and output.
This is a feedback circuit shifting resonance frequency by chang of input signal phase, which can detect change of magnetic features of an object present at a center of two coils on high sensitivity and resolution.
Here was described a high sensitivity strain sensor using the surface acoustic waves (SAW) for radio frequency IC tag (RFID) and sensor network, to numerically discuss a strain testing meathod observing SAW resonant fequency (SAW-RF) shifts caused by the strain.
When supposing SAW-RF and frequency resolution to 1GHz and 0.1Hz, respectively, it could be calculated that detectable strain was 10-10.
And, here was designed an SAW sensor with 40MHz of resonant frequency, to prepare it on a quartz substrate by micromachining method.
Here was proposed a real-time phase stamp range finder (RT-PSRF) using three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS).
If removing a 3PCIS and a three-phase reference signal generator from RT-PSRF, it is composed of the same parts as those of the conventional optical stripe range finder.
By converting the phase detected by such a method to angle of projected sheet beam, there can be obtained three-dimensional shapes of the object in real time.
Next, the change of hydrogen bond networks which was a basis of the motion of the water was explained.
The motion of water molecules of local parts which have made hydrogen bond move collectively while water molecules of the other parts do not move.
Energy fluctuations with such intermittent movement were shown.
The key technology is to produce a thin film of γ-alumina on the silicon substrate.
We reported what we had done for solution of an electrification problem of a phase plate which was the most difficult problem in development of a phase difference electron microscope.
They examined the effect of deposition process and annealing process using a surface analysis method.
Analyses were performed for 102Zr at the angle of 0,π/4,π/2 from radial axis.
By measuring Josephson vortex flow resistance of slightly over doped (Tc = 86.0K) and intermediately doped (Tc = 82.5K) Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+δ(Bi‐2212)single crystals, the magnetic phase diagram was studied.
Doping induced a noticeable change at the lower boundary of the three-dimensional orderly vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, the formation of Josephson vortex lattice started, and the layer was filled with Josephson vortices, which reflected the anisotropy.
At the upper boundary, the phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice phase to the two-dimensional quasi-orderly state was suggested.
In this process, Ag and Ag‐0.3wt.%Mn were used as the inner and outer sheath materials, respectively.
It was introduced into the fertilized egg of Oryzias latipes by the fusion as vasa of Oryzias latipes and result of EST analysis of Oryzias latipes on the gene of newly identified two piece to the gene of GFP or RFP.
The germ line was peculiarly manifested by this, and the analysis was carried out using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and laser scanning type fluorescence microscope.
Building of the organizational structure by molecular design, and new functionalization were tried.
After describing the characteristics of particle transport and dielectric breakdown under atmospheric pressure, typical atmospheric thermal nonequilibrium plasmas are discussed, and their properties and characteristics are reviewed.
The corona discharge is a discharge generated in unequal electric fields of electrodes with a needle and a flat plate, or with a wire and a plate, etc.
The dielectric barrier discharge is generated when alternate current or pulse voltage is applied between the electrodes such as parallel flat plate electrodes, circular cylinder electrodes etc., at least one of which is made of dielectrics.
The micro discharge having a filament shape is one mode of the most common dielectric barrier discharges, and discharge filaments appear on the entire surfaces of the electrodes.
Optical polarization continues to play an increasingly important role in industries ranging from liquid crystal displays to optical recording, and from biotechnology to remote sensing.
Furthermore, the products using polarization elements and polarization elements themselves have been complicatedly applied more than ever.
A sequential control is explained, by introducing the automatic control of flow raate.
Standards for type selectin, and applications to systems precaution, for standard measurement are described, giving examples of constant flow control.
The result of international comparison among Japan (ETL), Italy (CSELT), the Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB) and France (LCIE) was discussed.
Power failure and equipment damage by lightning become a problem for a radio relay station, since it is installed at the tip of a high altitude location. 24 lightning strokes to the radio tower and distribution line in winter, fiscal 1990 were observed.
The following were studied. 1) Lightning current waveform. 2) Duration of lightning current. 3) Estimation of the lightning's path of entry and lightning stroke aspect.
The United States intends to promote the international and domestic competitive power and superiority as a supreme proposition by close cooperation of government, industry, and university.
Supply and demand trends in the world are outlined and typical grades of each company are classified and ranked.
The 1.0T coil succeeded in continuous running of 100 hours.
Full color hologram will follow mass production.
The hologram in the title opened the way to cheap mass production of hologram, and is a polymer volume hologram using DMP‐128 photopolymer as a photosensitive recording material.
Properties of a photopolymer and record processes are explained.
A time‐of‐flight method using pulsed laser was used as a photoconduction measuring method.
It was observed that electric current flows when an external electric field drives charge carriers produced near a surface by fastening an anthracene crystal together with transparent electrodes and irradiating light from one side.
Through the detailed analysis of the intensity dependence of excited light, this is judged to be due to photoionization.
Because user operation is important for the idea support in material development, an interface for a substance operation at atomic level was developed.
The inequality satisfied by incidence and reflection angle was derived by the principle of wave normal ray.
And, this paper described a new expression form of the Snell's law on refraction.
It originates from the law of conservation of mass to explain combustion in 17th Century and advanced to the law of definite proportions (1799), atom hypothesis (1803), law of multiple proportions, and the law of gas reactions (1808).
By large‐scale numerical analysis using a technique of molecular dynamics, the formation of a molecular cluster caused by changes in temperature, pressure was also studied to microscopically elucidate the super rapid transient phenomenon.
The stability of plasma did not change with the introduction of reactive gas from the side of direct current plasma jet, and the gas was efficiently activated in spite of the presence of particles.
A low‐density ablator layer was formed in the outside.
The sphericity and the film thickness uniformity over 98% as well as the smoothness of 0.2μm or less were realized.
This paper describes the conduction characteristic of thin film in as‐grown condition previously reported, and examines a difference from the present prepared thin film which shows superconductivity in as‐grown.
They measured each 5,000 captured particles at each 100mm point from the nozzle to 500mm distance by the phase Doppler method (PDPA).
They measured the particles and recorded all the individual data of particles entering the measuring volume in the raw data mode with the inflow time.
As leaving the nozzle, division of liquid lumps and large particles gradually advances and changes become small at 500mm point.
Possible optical damage was removed by forming a non‐absorption region on the facet, and the maximum optical output of 180mW was obtained.
Magnetic fluid is filled in a horizontal tube of closed circuit, and it equipped with heater and electromagnetic field outside, and the probes for flow velocity, temperature difference and pressure difference are inserted in the tube.
A collector ring is unnecessary for strain measurement of turbine blades by a radio telemeter, and temperature is measured by a light pyrometer and a clearance between a blade and a casing iss measured by an optical fiber laser without contact.
A scattering of oxygen gas molecule from graphite surface is simulated by molecular dynamics method.
In multidimensional lattice, it is predicted that the steady localized mode exists.
Studied annealing condition and substrate include many usual conditions for executing the MOCVD epitaxial growth.
According to experimental result, micro oblique GaAs(001) surface annealed in the AsH3/H2 atmosphere tends to form step bunching.
Various types of the flow sensors which measure the flow rate of fluid in the piping of a plant are used in accordance with the property and condition of the fluid.
Then, it is necessary to choose the appropriate sensor in accordance with a difference in the property and condition of the fluid.
This paper briefly explains the measurement principle, merits and demerits of the typical flow sensors, and presents the examples of the application range expanded by means of the recent technology.
Recent development of the near field optics using the evanescent light is remrakable.
The liquid‐crystal film in the title was prepared on a glass substrate by uniaxial orientation and the amount of the transmitted light through a polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared in the bright line irradiation of 366nm, and the amount of the transmitted light became zero.
The image (I) was formed in laser pulse irradiation, and showed the stability over one year at room temperature.
The formation of the homogeneous orientation of the liquid crystal with a tilt angle using the above polyimide was studied.
Cleavage of the principal chain of I were observed by UV irradiation, and only small tilt angles were found regardless of the irradiation angle.
The application fields are separation and extraction of useful substances, reactivity improvement, creation of new products, waste treatment, and chemical analysis.
The research examples are introduced on the application to the hydrolysis of CFCs.
The results showed that high burn‐up of about 500GWd/t and MA annihilation rate of about 40% could be achieved.
This type furnace is promising and deserves future intensive study.
The flow pattern in the reservoir and the shape of moldings.
And the mechanism generating spiraling melt fracture.
This paper explains the features of surface, composition of thin film, and technology of structure control of hydrogen storage alloy, as well as its application to electrode material.
For the application of the alloy, it is important to control the alloy powder surface structure suitable for hydrogen storage in bulk material as well as in film structure.
The monodispersed polymer spheres containing individual liquid crystal nucleus were obtained from the study of the polymer dispersion type liquid crystal display layer containing the true single size liquid crystal domain.
The results show that the superthin film of 10nm or less can have capability and properties which the thick film doesn't have and that the superthin film has a special problem different from the thick one for evaluation of the electron optical function.
ZnCdSe/ZnSSe/ZnMgSSe gain guiding wave type laser structure is a representative structure of the laser in the title.
Optical outputs of 87mW in the continuous operation and 840mW in the pulse operation are confirmed and application for disk writing use can be also expected.
The large eddy simulation of a turbulent flow of a viscous fluid passing through a square column was conducted, and the effects of the filter width and numerical viscosity were examined.
In order to excel the effect of the turbulent viscosity in the turbulent region, a method for appropriately choosing the filter width was examined.
Cutting, patterning polishing, and metalizing work of diamond films with laser beams are reviewed.
Laser work is done by local heating and ablation with high density light flux.
A new method is described in which Ni and Cu are selectively applied on the laser‐activated diamond surface.
The application of the laser beam to the selective deposition, grooving, defects annealing, uniform nucleation, and adhesion improvement of the diamond film are introduced.
By a new addition of 9 channel polarimeter to the conventional 5 channel, the measurement of the safety factor "q distribution" for the whole range of the minor plasma radius (R=3.04〜4.29m) became possible.
The features of this equipment are : 1) highly safe because of no sealing part, 2) simple, no moving part, no need of maintenance, 3) the sensor installed outside pipe replaceable without stopping flow in case of trouble, etc.
It is applicable to a flow range of 0.2〜6.0m/sec, a Reynold's number range greater than 5000, with accuracy 1% ( vs. meter indication ).
In addition, poly(2) brush was prepared through hydrolysis with HCl.
At the same time we should establish an organ of judgment of misconduct, like the ORI (Office of Research Integrity) of the USA.
In the new theory, the author considered that since crosslinked resin forms different segment depending on the temperature during and after curing, its g also changes.
The following are described to explain the new theory: (1) elongation, (2) differences of Tg and segment between crosslinked resin and linear polymer, (3) relation between melting and molecular size, (4) relation between post-Tg and new segment, (5) handling of linear expansion coefficient.
When the ozone is formed by silent discharge from oxygen which used as a raw material, ozone generation is promoted, when nitrogen coexists in the raw material gas.
Ozone formation increased about 2mg/h.
This paper described the second harmonic generation (SHG) of low‐moleculer organic compounds.
Present situation and problems of study methods using ferroelectric polymer and introducing molecules having large β value to side‐chain.
Fine‐granular resin was obtained by interface template polymerization using O/W type emulsion.
The amount of Cu(II) adsorption by the interface template resin with phosphate group increases with an increase in pH value.
Particles accelerated in HM18 are limited to H and D, and which are mainly used for preparation of nuclides for PET such as 11C and 18F.
Synthesis of the following compounds and elucidation of their physical properties were carried out : Novel carcogenocarboxylic acid, their alkali metal salts and esters containing higher 16th group elements such as S, Se and Te.
Selenocarboxylic acid ( RCOSeH, RCSeOH ), tellurocarboxylic acid ( RCOTeH, RCTeOH ), and their rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O‐silyl selenoester and ‐ telluroester respectively.
The TG method between nano and millisecond region was applied to research on the dynamics in liquid crystals, interfaces, clusters, emulsions, medium density fluids, etc., and in addition, volume grating and cluster grating methods were developed, and their applications were tried.
Scanning probe microscopes (SPM) are based on scanning tunnel microscopes (STM), and SPMs using various interactions between samples and probes have been studied and developed.
By this approach, monodispersed swollen styrene particles were obtained and the fine particles in the title were synthesized.
Solar constant S is an important external parameter, when the planetary climate is decided.
It is called a difference of S that atmospheric composition and the climate state of Venus, earth and Mars greatly differ.
The underground specific resistance structure from the ground level up to the altitude of 1000 m was obtained and compared with the existing geologic structure.
We present the mass spectrum of primordial black holes and show that the spectrum coincides with standard four‐dimensional one on large scales.
In spring 1992, a preliminary study was carried out at Agassiz icecap in Ellesmere Island of Canadian north pole archipelago in order to determine the excavation site of ice core and examine an uptake process of impurity on the surface of icecap, etc.
In this study, three pits in total of about 1.5m deep were dug, two near the top of an icecap and another in the watershed at a place a little lower than the two, and snow was continuously sampled from their side face.
Geothermal water will be a large market in the future in Japan for well drilling and groundwater pumping industry.
As a result, the mesh preparation method suitable for the finite element analysis was established, and the mesh of the eyeball, each of whose tissues was partitioned on the mesh, was prepared.
Recently it has been proven that hepcitidin and hemojuvelin control iron absorption from the duodenum.
The intracellular distribution was examined by making mHSFYL labeled with HA or GFP to express in the COS1 cells, and the localization in cell nuclei was recognized.
The effect of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on intestinum tenue was studied from the viewpoint of form and function.
Study of the effect on the glucose absorption power, the TCDD exposed C57BL/6J mouse increased the glucose absorption power in the intestinum tenue.
The chromosome that the number had been assigned was collected using the chromosome band number as information of the chromosome position, and whether there is a functional position was examined.
In this experiment, all leaves of the saplings had been treated for a certain level of compensation in advance.
After the treatment, they were transferred to plots of altered soil fertilities for branch growth.
The extension of secondary and tertiary branches of damaged plants was significantly worse when the plants were grown in the low-fertility soil.
The center of gravity oscillation characteristics of plantar in-plane was examined using the center of gravity oscillometer.
In this case, the displacement length of the center of gravity rapidly increased in front-back direction (or both directions) and it came to overturning.
Whether postnatal growth patterns and body compositions are determined by the growth was analyzed for school physical examination medical examinees in Tenryu City.
That is to say, it was shown that deficiency of IL-18 was related to obesity.
Subsequently, Kembridge University named it Stella.
Measurement accuracy of a finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
Features of the taurine intake in a human glioma cell were examined using the T98 cell.
The taurine intake of T98 cells having Na+ dependence and high affinity systems decreased by the administration of phorbol ‐ 12,13 ‐ dibutylate (I,100nM) and isoproterenol (1μM).
It was considered that protein kinase c and cAMP were involved in taurine intake.
A transgenic mouse was produced by recombinating cDNA of α‐1, 3‐galactosyltransferase being involved in GG biosynthesis, and introducing it into a fertilized egg of mouse.
As a result of examination using GS, new distributions of GG in visual cell outer segment and small intestinal goblet cell and perispermatocyte, and reinforcement of GG in uriniferous tubule and alveolar epithelium were observed.
There were many cases of proteinuria, depilation, low body weight and sudden death among these mice.
Total synthesis of dimethylarosamidine of I of yeast K by utilizing the itermediate of synthesis above was stereoselectively achieved.
On A and its analogues, inhibitive powers of Bembycidae, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and K of Trichoderma genus were compared.
As a result, useful knowledge on interrelation of structural activity was obtained.
It has been verified so far that the ion range in the target could be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target using the irradiation device for the cell which was coupled to beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator.
with the leakage" which seemed to originate from the cell membrane damage was observed high‐frequently in the terminal of the ion range.
Ghost artifact by the peristaltic flow was shown, and the interval was proportional to the repeating time and pulse rate.
The degree of severity of hepatitis may differ with genotypes.
Nonlinear phenomena represented by chaos in fractal can probably quantified by numerical analysis.
The peak corresponding to N100 or P300 was not clear.
In normal cells, telomere is shortened every time when cells are devided and cells grow old when some altimate value is exceeded.
The following was fabricated experimentally : Active electrode with transmitting function to lead through surface myogenic potential without pretreatment or without using conductive paste, of skin.
Burden for a tester could be reduced, because this cordless electrode had no lead wire to connect an electrode with a transmitter different from the conventional telemetry system.
Telomerase activity is high in reproductive cells and cancer cells.
In leukemia cells, it was very high.
Since the gene therapy was applied for the first time to the human in 1990, the number of subjects has rapidly increased year by year.
Administering L at 10μg/day for 4 weeks through drip infusion, together with wound treatments including the cleaning of the ulcers, reduced the pain and the ulcers on the lower leg.
Nore over, CGRP up‐regulates mRNA expression for skeletal muscle α actin and atrial natriuresis peptide.
The speeding up, robustness evaluation, and accuracy of the process are described.
At the same time, in giving prepared programs, there was a case where high corelativity between normalization dispersion value of emotional sweating quantity and dispersion of heart rate was confirmed and a case where that between them were hardly confirmed.
The complicated interaction between the immune system and PCV2 of pigs was outlined.
Among the small-type Crustacea, Paracanthomysis hispida of Mysidae, and Caprella japonica and C. tsugarensis of Caprellidae were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture.
Including the survey result so far obtained, the species collected, the collection sites, and the collection dates were arranged and shown.
In order to study methods for evaluating the degree of vitalization in agricultural village region, a field survey was conducted with five regions deemed to be highly vitalized.
A regional activation process was collated as a flow of "input" -> "activity" -> "result" -> "achievement" to study whether activities for diverse regional developments and vitalizations were working together for cooperation.
In addition, the extraction of a system that activated regions and process and system analyses of regional activation process were used to prepare a check sheet for sustainable regional activation.
The paper outlines resource management efforts of the past year on swordfish in the Northwest Atlantic region.
The stock index estimated from data on trawl fishing conducted in each member country of ICCAT was used in resource assessment for the year 2002 through VPA and non-equilibrium production model.
ICCAT is developing a plan that can put back the stock to the MSY level with 50% probability by 2009.
Accidental by-catch in deep-sea fishing, deterioration of spawning grounds, and damage on their eggs are considered to pose a threat to their biological health.
Systematic protection is necessary.
The three-dimensional exploration needs a big cost for its measurement and analysis, and it is not yet practically applied.
For keeping the quality of cut flower of rose, the authors developed a new drug prescription (GLCA) using an isothiazoline system antibacterial agent.
A multiple-specimen crusher for RNA extraction permitted a low-csot and simple treatment of specimens.
It was built with a large span joint of more than 2 members.
Zenkoku Nogyo Kozo Kaizen Kyokai (corporation) made a diagnostic survey and advisory guidance of the following items for Azuma village. 1) Plans for commercializing and selling persimmon processed goods as a project for persimmon village planning. 2) Improvement direction of a multipurpose agricultural product processing facilties.
Present states of agriculture and forestry of Azuma village were analyzed to understand their problems and issues.
Cultural facilities and composite industries such as sale of local foods and specialties are proposed to attract tourists who are just passing by.
In cabbage, increased productivity effect was recognized by organic fertilization, and utilization factor of charge nitrogen decreased in an organic fertilization zone, but utilization factors of nitrogen, phosphoric acid, potassium of compost was different by a type of the manure.
Feed intake exceeded in the mixed area after the middle breeding eriods, and body weights of eighteen month‐ages became 477±28kg in the mixed areas and 451±14kg in the separate areas.
As one of its countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastic for container and packaging material is studied.
In the same prefecture, it will be adopted as a recommended variety in place of a part of "Sasanishiki", for the purpose of cool damage prevention by the dispersion of the heading time and dispersion in the cutting time.
Though the probability that the variety encounters low temperature in boot stage lowers for the late‐season breed, it is necessary to try heat insulation of young spike by deep water control, when low temperature is anticipated in dangerous stage, because the cold resistance is weak.
The blast disease field resistance is moderate in the case of rice leaves blight.
Shimajiri group mudstone in Okinawa is classified into Neogene mudstone.
By comparing SS concentrations in turbine water discharged from land improvement sites, it is evaluated that the runoff from mudstone is approximately eight times as much as that from Kunigami Mergel.
As the result, the soil hardness with the pin penetrometer made possible the measurement of the penetration of roots, however, it was suggested that the penetration of roots was affected not only by soil hardness, but by soil pore.
Setting of development specification and investigation for narrowing the system to be realized (one person rideable, seedling injury protecting, mulch laying on paddy field, self decay time of mulch, etc.) were made.
Using three kinds of experimentally made mulching paper of different strength, transplanting test was made with a commercial mulch rice transplanter to investigate working properties, planting accuracy, etc. preliminarily in order to select the paper to be used.
The details in the establishment of "Individual horticultural products section" such as progress and approach are explained.
In the breeding farmhouse of Japanese black of 160 heads, 14 heads contracted disease in 26〜33 months age, and 2 heads died and 4 heads were shipped at early stage.
As the result of testing the died cattle 1 head and the shipped cattle 1 head and carrying out pathological and bacteriolgic inspection, they were diagnosed as the titled disease.
The M gene is an abnormal form of the gene normally functioning in the pancreas β-cells, characteristically leading to the hyposecretion of insulin.
In 20 asymptomatic cerebral infarction patients, 10 normal persons, and 21 infant cases without neurological abnormality in fiscal 2000, the perivascular space(PVS) of the cerebral hemisphere white matter artery(medullary artery) was depicted by a high-magnetic field MRI(1.5T).
In artificial mortar re-replacement therapy, the defective part of acetabular cartridge bone is reconstructed by the homogeneous bone transplantation, and cementless socket is installed directly.
In the postoperative, there was the transfer of the socket by collapse of the grafted bone.
In this paper, the postoperative result was examined for 42 cases of 45 joints (man 12/woman 30,40〜82-year-old) by the re-replacement therapy in the roentgenology.
In the case which transplanted the homogeneous bone in the load division, the fixation was got by using strut-screw jointly at support-ring, initial stage firm.
In this study the following was examined: The gene polymorphism of codons 830 and 897 of factor V in Japanese BCS cases in the sample preservation center and Nepal BCS cases.
As the result, in the half of the total cases, the 3D image was inferior to the original image both in the central group and peripheral group.
On the 14 lesions in which the calcification was a disturbance, the patency of lumen was compared in 3D image and original image.
Repair of osteochondral defect by aotologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in a rabbit is outlined.
In order to clarify the above-mentioned issue, average dust numbers, air-floating fungus numbers and dropping bacterial colony numbers in the operation room and the intensive care unit(ICU) were comparatively examined before and after introduction of the footgear entrance(a-pair-of-shoes system).
No change was found in the air-floating fungus number and the dropping bacterial colony number either in the operation room or in the ICU before and after introduction of the a-pair-of-shoes system.
In order to ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength, apatite hydroxide porous material with optimized diameters of bubbles and continuous through-holes, has been developed by means of a foaming slurry method.
It also has high applicability to bone regeneration using myeloid cells.
In elbow joint backward dislocation ( the medial collateral ligament damage ), the injury complicated the radius head fracture with the elbow bone state protrusion fracture is called terribletriad(TT), and it often suffers from the treatment.
Ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of the knee has accomplished remarkable advances.
For the basic research of band reconstructive surgery, biomechanics research and examination from bilateral of biological research are important.
Following are described: Case of recurrence sites in thoracic esophageal carcinectomy, test methods of lymph node recurrence and selection of the therapy for lymph node recurrence.
A non-specific reaction is rarely experienced in routine test, and it never ocuurs to investigate it to the cause retrieval and improve the reagent.
From June, 1997, the measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody by ELSIA-F750 automatic immunity measuring device on the principle of ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) was started.
The case was in a patient of untreated acute myeloid leukemia, who was hospitalized for the purpose of bone marrow transplantation, wrongly diagnosed by the non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent in the infection test, and reported as suspected of initial stage of hepatitis B infection.
Recently, non-alcoholic fatty hepatic disorder (NAFLD) has increased rapidly by the change of the lifestyle habit.
Obesity and insulin resistance are main for the etiology of NAFLD, and most case has complicated lifestyle-related diseases.
The improvement on the significant paralysis in the postoperative 3 cases was not accepted.
In the meantime, it is considered that the result was bad, since there was the advanced paralysis of MMT1, though the period to the operation was short in cases of 3.
The number of initial diagnosis patients was counted 808 in 3 years and 1 month from the establishment to October 31st in 2005.
The screening MRI was reexamined, and especially, the intervertebral disk high signal of the case diagnosed as an infectivity myelitis was examined.
Surgery may advise for elderly persons with pain as a chief complaint without adherence of conservative treatment operation.
Surgery is advised if there are continuous and strong numbness and pain.
As the characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs and the measures, antimetabolites (anorexia, nausea and vomiting, bone marrow suppression, etc.), and alkylating agents (hemorrhagic cystitis, etc.) are cited.
The IL-18 concentration showed TBSA, BI, leukocyte count and negative correlation on the first day after the burn and showed TBSA, BI, leukocyte count, C-reactive protein and positive correlation on the 7th day after the burn.
The possibility that the serum IL-18 concentration was useful as a clinical parameter of the inflammatory reaction by the burn was indicated.
Disease state of the postoperative dislocation is explained.
Generation causes are considered as follows: the tension inadequate of component installation abnormality of the socket and stem, collision of the femur and pelvis by the retention of bone spur, collision of the socket marginal region and stem cervix and soft tissues.
Their gene analysis revealed homozygous 2 nucleotide deletion in exon 29 of the boy and heterozygous 2 nucleotide deletion in exon 29 of the parents, which convinced the researchers the boy had hereditary C3 deficiency.
Most of 9 patients reported with hereditary C3 deficiency had blood-related parents, and the patients had mutation in homozygote.
Thyrotoxicosis is explained.
Treatment of Basedow disease (antithyroid agent and side effect of antithyroid drug, radioiodine therapy, surgical remedy), diagnosis and treatment of Plummer disease, stimulation of hCG, iodine inductivity, and toxicosis by thyroid hormone intake are described.
Followings are explained on the clinical pathway to medical staffs for the esophageal operation: Features, preoperative care, postoperative ICU, postoperative care in a hospital room and ingestion.
Clinical pathway for patients with esophageal cancer is explained.
It is indicated that to clarify the problem by the analysis of variance is useful for the improvement in medical quality.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology including imaging of after death was explained.
Also, it throws power to crime detection, and makes possible to identify cause of death.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was judged by the PCR method with DNA extracted from blood samples of the survival cases, paraffin samples of the pathologic autopsy cases and fresh frozen samples.
In this paper, bringing medicine check business which in addition, it stationed the pharmacist in the same corner for the patient hospitalization schedule hour was introduced.
With a share of Generic Drugs ( the GE medical supply ) heightening, and the opportunity used for more many nations increasing, the social responsibility of the GE medical supply enterprise becomes also heavy.
Not only activity of the GE medical supply in search of the use promotion in future but also the effort which raises the reliability including the quality of the GE medical supply described it with the necessity.
Efflorescence was observed in her face, after she used new cosmetics.
Oral administration of steroid, and external use of steroid and zinc ointment were performed.
Her symptoms were improved a month after the administration.
The cosmetics were positive for patch test.
Contact dermatitis and Akatuki disease due to the cosmetics were suspected.
In 3 cases of BALF reexamination during the acute aggravation treating process, IL-2, IL-5 and IL-6 showed decreasing tendencies by the treatment regardless of prognosis, and IL-8, IFNγ and TNFα showed the upward tendencies in the poor prognosis cases.
In the blood plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8 and IL-10 significantly increased in the acute aggravation stage compared with the stable stage.
The features of bronchial asthma are repeated paroxysmal stridor, dyspnea and cough, which tend to appear at night and in early morning, and in the auscultation finding, the sound is continuous A, especially harmonic flute-like sound.
As a result of our genetic analysis, the possibility that IL-17F gene fulfills an important role in the disease state of asthma is guessed.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of airway remodeling, and the functional polymorphism of PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors which regulate whether airway remodeling easily progresses or not.
From the above, the understanding of the disease was deepened by clarifying the pathophysiological common pathway at the molecular level.
We outlined the electrocardiogram synchronous reconstitution CT angiography (4 D-CTA) developed in order to understand the dynamic status of cerebral aneurysm wall correctly.
In this paper, acquisition of basic data for the intraorganism temperature estimation using MRI is reported.
In the millimeter wave region, possibility of the in vivo measurement of the glucose level by measuring the resonance characteristic using the patch antenna excited by the waveguide was examined.
By the difference of the T2 phase image, it was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement could be realized.
There are consciousness of night blindness, existence of the hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest to the middle peripheral part from the blood vessel arcade, decreases of pestles body reaction and 30Hz flicker reaction as ERG opinion, resemblance of flash ERG and pyramids ERG waveform, etc. in features of the clinical images of ESCS.
The following were carried out after the preoperative systemic chemotherapy : Left pectorails muscle preservation ablatio mammae, left axillary lymph node purification, right mammae partial excision.
Ricin, botulinal toxin, and vero cytotoxin are fatally poisonous protein toxins which are feared to be used for a biochemical weapon or bioterrorism.
A case (16-year-old woman) of linear scleroderma with spinal bifida is reported.
From clinical laboratory findings, pathohistological findings and image examination findings, linear scleroderma with spinal bifida was diagnosed.
That it becomes an antagonist of the interferon with other viral protein and that it exists in cell nucleus in the later stage of the infection locally are reported West Nile Virus (WNV)NS4 B protein.
And, it was indicated to be concerned in the control of the cell division, because many NS4 B protein existed in the dividing cell nucleus locally.
In hepatocellular carcinoma, lymph node metastasis and remote metastasis are less than intrahepatic bile duct cancer which is the equal primary hepatic cancer.
It is necessary to always have the multicenter carcinogenesis in mind on case of liver-cell carcinoma with hepatitis and liver cirrhosis, etc. in the background.
First the following were described : Evaluation method of hepatic metastasis and retrieval method of the liver outside lesion.
Simple excision was enforced, leaving 2mm.
A remission of exophthalmic goiter was predicted by T3 inhibition test which evaluated blood T4 as an index in 182 cases.
Using this index, recurrence of Basedow disease was not recognized for one year just after discontinuction of anti‐thyroid drugs, and only 16 cases out of 146 in 5 years recurred.
With the nursing goal of prevention of danger and early detection of abnormality, and expansion of ADL ( action in daily life ) and self‐support, self‐help tools were also deviced.
As the results, perfect self‐support was established, and there was no yet ADL, but there was considerable advance in comparison with conditions on admission.
On the meal, changing from all support to half support was realized.
It takes much more times in excretion and urination.
A 78‐year‐old female patient is administered 12mg a day of trichlorthiazide (I) for hypertension, and suddenly loses her consciousness when intravenous administration of sodium hydrogencarbonate agent is conducted for the treatment of systematic vertigo at her body motions.
It is considered that as this is a case of caused electrolyte abnormality like hypokalemia by (I) overdosage, various arrhythmia such as sinus bradycardia, auricular fibrillation, complete left bundle branch block, and supraventricular and ventricular extrasystole come to develop.
Involvement of trigger activity is regarded as a pathogenic mechanism of various ventricular arrhythmia.
As results of PCR on stool collected for 99 kindergartners, Escherichia coli in the title is detected from 3 persons.
There is no problem in water supply and drainage, and a cause by food is also uncertain, but non establishment of disinfectant, possible contact of kindergartner with waste disposal and diaper storage case are showed.
Most causes of the spondylolyses were clarified by extreme sporting exercises in the period of growth.
Diagnosis with MRI method are recommended for the students in junior high schools in case of suffering from the lumbago continuing more than one month without clear causes.
Differentiation from chronic articular rheumatism and pseudogout is necessary.
Disease type diagnosis is carried out by uric acid clearance study.
This paper also describes diagnosis and treatment for complications and tests necessary for follow‐up.
There are Cimetidine, Ranitidine, Famotidine, etc. in I, and differences are not recognized at therapeutic ratio in first 1 time administration and 2 time administration.
To 20 patients with more than moderate hypertension complicated with cerebrovascular disorders, 10mg of lisinopril was continuously administered once a day in the morning, and its usefulness was studied from the viewpoint of cricadian variation blood pressure in 4 to 8 weeks.
Open study on carnaculin described above in multiinstitute cooperation was carried out for 158 patients with cerebral apoplexy to investigate its actions on their subjective symptoms, and pyschotic and neurotic syndromes, and its hypotensive effect.
Here are outlined the points to be paid attention through the operations in each test method, and the abnormal reactions and how to deal with the reactions.
Artificial limb apparatus nonmental material other than plastic is discussed.
Natural organic substance is biological object material, and with the aim of achieving the quality of natural material, there are some artificial materials which made achievement, or even superseded, the latter.
Crisis of 212 cases ( in 1970〜1993 ) is most abounding at 60〜69‐years‐old, and females of 20〜29‐years‐old are abounding in comparison with male of the same generation.
Almost cases shows T‐IRI over 300μU/ml and insulin binding rate over 30% in the time of diagnoses.
The rare case ( male, 25‐year‐old ) combining obvious hypercalcemia in Basedow's disease is reported.
In dialysis patient, body proteins are important index.
Protective mechanism for infection of resporatory organs and treatment of chronic respiratory tract infections are ullustrated in figures and tables, and disease state of the chronic respiratory tract infection and principles of treatment are briefly explained.
The significance of macrolide in long‐term low‐dose therapy for chronic respiratory tract infection is explained.
This paper explains a study on the relationship between central convulsions and level of histamine in the brain.
For small skin ulcer of 12 cases with infectious diseases such as infectious atheroma and boils after incision and drainage, white sugar and povidone‐iodine mixed ointment EUPASTA was inserted in an ulcer by tamponing method, and clinical usefulness was examined.
Bacterial infection was observed in 3 cases before administration and disappeared after administration.
Ayclovir produced a transient improvement.
Examination of cerebraspinal fluid revealed pleocytosis, elevated protein level and increased titer of the herpes simplex antiviral antibody, and MRI dipicted lesions present in the bilateral temporal lobes.
Adjustments by the level of handicap were made through resuming conpulsory education for 3 patients.
Returning to school was realized by medical care, promoting understanding of handicaps in schools and boards of education, and playing positive roles in the health‐care of the children after their return to school.
Measurement of many items in the same tube became possible by adopting streptoavidin tube method.
As a result, improvement of measurement of sensitivity, reproducibility and stability of reagent were realized.
Package treatment of a large number of samples is thought to become possible by using full automatic EIA analytical equipment ES600.
This paper reports the history of the music education and therapy departments, faculty of education, Kansas University.
Five‐year history was investigated the following year of the death of Mr. Gaston who established the university.
Artificial kidney is used for HD chronica and emergency‐intensive medical care, and the future development trends in each field are explained.
A gastric fistura was made in a dog, and the following were performed : Gastric‐acid secretion test by insulin load and gastric emptying test using acetaminophen.
Effect on acid reduction was observed after operation, while significant change of gastric emptying ability was not seen.
A questionnaire was carried out on a chorus as part of recreation therapy.
Pain was either markedly relieved or absent in all cases.
The action mechanism depended to the severity of the "dirty blood syndrom" as called in oriental medicine.
In the pericardium, lymphocyte permeation including sphacelus and nucleus heteromorphism were observed, and the same findings were seen for the heart muscle.
Constrictive pericarditis was considered to be induced by malignant lymphoma of para aortic lymph nodes.
Single neural discharge of the cutaneous pain receptor (R) of SD rats was recorded to examine the effects of chinoform (C) on thermal reaction.
Although the level and the severity of abnormal sense remained the same, 5% or more were relieved in their "smart feeling" and "pain."Regarding
As a result, it is verified that there occurs high bias in estimation of the survival time in the usual analysis in which the left side exclusion is not taken into consideration.
And, it is shown that there occurs a bias in some cases when the Weibull distribution is applied to the survival time by the parametric maximum likelihood method.
An LDH activity determination reagent, "ESPA‐LDH Liquid" (NIPRO) which is conformed to JSCC recommendation is studied.
This reagent is studied on the relations with the pyruvate to lactate method which is now widely practiced by many facilities, and with the reagents which are manufactured by other companies and conformed to JSCC recommendation.
The study also shows the quality variation among the reagents manufactured by different companies, and the difference of LDH activity values form those obtained by pyruvate to lactate method based on JSCC recommendation are found.
This paper describes the Chinese medicine therapy for adult patients who underwent and abdominal surgery, including Buku‐ryo‐san for anastomotic stricture, Dai‐kenchu‐to for intestinal atresia, and Hochu‐ekki‐to for post operative bone metabolism failure.
Dai‐kenchu‐to promotes the enterokinesis through various mechanisms.
On 29 patients with acute pulmonary embolism, the time‐course inthe electrocardiogram was examned in the period from the time before manifestation to 1 month after manifestation.
The electrocardiograms were compared by dividing 13 patients, on whom the pulmonary arterial pressure was measured, into a high value group and a low value group in the systolic pulmonary arterial pressure.
The marked prolongation of the QT interval was observed in V1,2 after the day following the manifestation in comparison with that in the day of the manifestation.
Hernia repair in the neonatal period and heart catheterization at the age of 3 were conducted due to a cardial murmur.
Two pairs of bilateral paravertebral veins substituted for feedback from the lower body and these were smaller than both primary azygous veins.
Chinoform was administered to the following two types of rats for more than 340 days to see the SMON onset : In the use of CS‐rat with genetically high sensitivity for chinoform toxicity, and CR‐rat with low sensitivity.
A case (85‐year‐old female) with dissecting aneurysm of the aorta of the Standord A type with a unique form (De Bakey II type) is experienced.
Chief complaints were dyspnea and pectoralgia and the case was diagnosed as septicemia based on the blood culture results.
It is possible to put tumors in inactive condition or in dormant condition by suppressing angiogenesis in experimental animal models.
The effectiveness and safety of imidapril hydrochloride in the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients were examined in 10 cases.
Imidaprilat was removed by hemodialysis, about 50% being removed in 3 hours and about 65% in 4 hours.
Although limited to about 7 months' observation, the safety of I was confirmed in the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients.
This study investigated operating room cleanliness before and after air conditioner renewal.
Airborne bacterial count and floor and wall adhered bacterial counts did not change significantly, and satisfactory cleanliness was observed.
There was a problem about exhaust ability relative to dust generatin amount when ventilation was performed for 20 to 30 times/hour.
A man tumbled over in a ski slide and was injured and then had right knee deformation and pain and so received medical examination.
The outside dislocation and the valgus deformation were recognized by the inspection, then patella dislocation and thinbone distalis epiphyeal line separation open in X‐P were also recognized.
From among cinnamyl compounds and 55 related compounds which were components of cinnamon bark, 13 substances showed strong antipyretic activity.
The antipyretic activity of Kakkon‐to for influenza infectious disease was demonstrated.
This paper describes the air turbine handpiece (A) and the micromotor handpiece for the treatment and dental technic.
This paper also describes development of a new technology of A.The weight of A is about 30〜70g and the rotational speed during the non‐loading of A is 30〜40×104rpm.
This paper recent topice on non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory agents (S) and their profiles.
This paper describes a history of the development of S, properties of the drugs, and the route of administration for the oral, suppository, injectable and percutaneous absorption drugs.
Lots of MRSA were detected on hands of the staffs, body surfaces of the patients and the floor by the investigation of the wards.
Covered and uncovered Y‐shape artificial vessels were compared to examine their utility and problems.
One hundred and fourty patients with abdominal aorta aneurysm and arteriosclerosis obliterans treated in the department of thoracic cardiovascular surgery, Kawasaki Medical University from July 1991 to December 1995 were examined for postoperative fever, inflammation, leucocyte count, bleeding amount, surgical time, blood transfusion, change in graft diameter, and graft patency.
The covered Y‐shape artificial vessel can be clinically used when the above results have been taken into account.
It would be necessary to use an aspirator and wear double masks when the operculum was opened.
HANP was administered to the cases 1 and 2, since they showed LOS and increased preload on the 1st day after pericardiectomy operations.
Administration of HANP resulted decrease in preload, and decrease in pulmonary congestion and CTR in breast X‐ray.
This paper describes a case (1) of a patient with a chest pain of unknown origin which developed after on operation for thyroid tumor, and a case (2) of a patient with a chest pain of unknown origin which developed following stress symptoms.
The administration of Shi‐boku‐to and Shuji‐bushi‐powder to case 1, and the administration of To‐ki‐to case 2, both of which were also treated with a stellate ganglion block in addition to drug administration, were effective in reducing the symptoms.
For the pectoralgia of the unknown origin, it seems to consider the administration of the Chinese medicine.
The subjective symptoms such as vertigo and giddy feeling have disappeared.
Gastric acid secretion was negatively correlated with age.
However, gastric acid secretion was positively correlated with age in the multiple regression analysis including the presence of H. pylori infection (I) and the degree of gastric mucosa atrophy.
It is necessary to re‐evaluate the relationship between gastric acid secretional capacity and aging by taking account of the existence of I infection and the degree of gastric mucosa atrophy.
By using deformation potential, the division of the exciting coil became unnecessary, and the impedance variation caused by reaction magnetic field due to the eddy current was able to be analyzed.
In three‐dimensional elasticity, in case of transmission, the data are obtained that the above values are mixed and integrated.
In the condition without safety standard of service robot, robots were operated for half a year in EXPO 2005 AICHI based on "Robot safety guideline".
Recent years, super-large window glass is increasing also in small and medium scaled buildings, and efficient and saffe cleaning system is required for these buildings.
Corresponding to this requirement, small and stand alone type window cleaning robot is under development.
Starting from the researches on fussy sets, explained was the trend of research and development of the fussy control, which was rapidly spread with the application to steam engines.
The following are also shown : Composition of a 2 degree of freedom control system and a sliding mode control system which is a robust nonlinear control system.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled with its spatial position and dominant saturation in HSV color space.
After the hand detection for input image,serching for round the hand as a center is carried out.
This system, consisting of a traffic probe system, an information collecting system, an analysis system and an operation system, is to make security operations and to exchange information for it smoothly in order to detect a trouble and to measure against it quickly.
Inter-touch Co. is a company of the DoCoMo group of Singapore, and as an ISP (Internet Service Provider) for the hotel, it offers the Internet connection service for the customer of 310 4,5 star hotel of worlds of 42 nations.
Inter-touch possesses and controls equipments for the Internet connection, and the cost is shared with the hotel.
This paper describes how it could be used practically by producing large‐scale parallel computers for processing.
Next, future of compression and reproduction techniques was suggensted while the technology compress and encode information according to image or voice is described.
Image information compression technology is done by utilizing human visual performance to remove a redundancy part contained in the signal.
A configuration example of a typical image encoder is shown.
The characteristics of the system is in self introduction in the used department, link service with a business system, use from remote location, metropolitan area LAN/WAN development.
For remote sensing image analysis, this paper proposes a pattern recognition technique which utilizes both neutral network (NN) and knowledge processing.
This paper introduces a case for explaining parallel algorithm approach intelligibly.
This paper describes the application of the package software.
Small‐business computers were mainly used in the first stage, then shifted to personal computers at Japan INTEC Co.,Ltd. which sells water purifiers.
A client/server system by business server "K series" was constructed.
An integrated system was obtained, while the existing personal computer property was effectively utilized.
Based on of the circuit technology using multiple input threshold operation element neurone MOS(νMOS), "the association hardware" that recognizes and understands the phenomenon in real time was developed.
Analog EEPROM cell technology for high‐density memory of analog phenomenon and association devices of the analog vector were developed, and fast detection circuits of the movement vector of the two‐dimensional image and real‐time tracking circuits of the gravity center position, etc. were realized using νMOS as this application.
As a major achievement, virtual kabuki was developed in which a person is changed into a kabuki actor by using interactive environment which creates virtual environment according to communication, sensitivity agent which changes the facial expression according to the recognition of the eight patterns of feeling included in voice, such a pleasure, anger, sadness and delight, and a technology to reproduce three dimentional face model by detecting the expression image from a face image on real time.
This paper describes on a texture synthesis technique based on the expanded L system called TSL system (Texture Synthesis L‐system) which is defined as parametric, stochastic, and combined MAP L system.
The construction of the information system which flexibly dealt with the modification of manufacturing line was examined.
As a domain model construction expression technique,introducing method of UML and specification of equational related equation.
In the long term, personnel management and industrial relations within Japanese enterprises will have to change to mechanisms which better utilize an individual's way of life.
When considering the solution to problems, there are two areas, personnel and enterprise.
This paper reports survey results on the title carried out by Japan Consulting Engineers Society entrusted by Science and Technology Agency, Science and Technology Policy Bureau.
Survey items are as follows:1) Trends of engineers ( study in 1992 fiscal year and literature search ). 2) Survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers ( questionnairing for each individual engineer ).
Regarding survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers, this paper surveyed enterprise of employment, major field and detail of duties, working hours, salary, experience of change of occupation, education and training in and out of working place, consciousness for duties.
Regarding job orders and public cards for job order as information service medium in public employment security office, this report examines "what job order design is easy to understand","how to prepare job orders to see better"through analysis of "visibility and comprehensibility"of table designs based on experiment using cognitive‐psychological or cognitive‐engineering measures.
SS is compose of about 80% of organic materials and has high calorific value.
A fuel making system of the Japan Sewage Works Agency (JSWA) focuses at optmization of the conventional drying and carbonizing systems, to add high calorie to formed fuels, to simultaneously perform fuel cost improvement at operation of the systems, and so on.
And, JSWA plans optimization of energy balance of whole of the biomass solid fuel production business, and has an important subject of performing upgrading of effectiveness of general energy applications.
Housetenboss Co., Ltd. aims at completely new "environmental future city" where natural environment is preserved and comfortable life space is maintained.
Since the opening in 1993, a part of garbage had been used as feeds for livestock and the remaining garbage had been incinerated in a low‐polluting incinerator made by Houstenboss Co., Ltd. in April of 1995, a composting system was introduced aiming at reduction of fuel used for incinerating disposal.
Similarly, index of discharge of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide has been lowered from 100 to 63.
(July 2004)
In Chapter 2 through Chapter 5, described were the outline of geography/geology, modeling/analysis region, modeling/analysis procedure, and underground water-flow analysis.
In Chapter 6, the results of the study were summarized.
(May 2005)
An imaging plate has 100〜1000 times the sensitivity of a X‐ray film and good position resolution.
Detection of alpha ray emissioned from plutonium fine particles which adhered to a filter was tried using this plate.
Radioactivity distribution pattern on a polluted surface can be determined.
As for the neutronics evaluation method, the adoption of homogeneous model, correction for heterogeneous effects, and derivation of predicted values and their prediction errors are described.
The technological trend of the high-efficient electric motor was described mainly in the induction motor.
The usage of it is recommended in the energy saving law.
By the hybrid optical system of nonspherical mirror and dioptric lens, the following are introduced: The engine which can project the projection 62 inch distance 20cm or less screen and super thin and rear projection television experimental model using this.
In optical system in which the effective angle of field range greatly decreases, lowest angle of field it was found that the image surface bulge can be reduced in the simple optical system composition regardless of the condition of the conventional sum, and optical system of low cost was realized in the simple composition.
Based on such design guidelines, engine and television of the DLP TMsystem are produced experimentally.
The distance to the screen reached 125mm, and largest half angle of field reached 80 degrees, and the depth of the television is 26cm, while screen strain 0.4% or less and contrast of 3000:1 are achieved.
Such a design area is called "Display optical system design".
However, for classification to some degree and it is necessary to find generality and commonness to classify it.
For past some years, by receiving considerable financial support from Singapore government, there is set a big program on MEMS study.
The development of high brightness blue LED element by Nichia Chemistry became the foundation, and the large video system using FCLED was created, and real FCLED large image appeared at Shibuya station square in Tokyo in '95.
As the result, we found the followings. 1) The bond strength lowers, when the Au plating is thick. 2) The bond strength drastically lowers when they are placed in humid environment, without relating to plating thickness.
In this paper, the modular high-speed and multifunctional mounting machine "NXT (next)" of FUJI MACHINE MFG. Co. in proportion to such demand is introduced.
NXT has carried out 1) improvement of the feed accuracy of the tape feeder, 2) improvement of the position recognition accuracy, 3) reduction of parts mounting load, 4) optimization of the descent profile, and, 5) reduction of the slide resistance.
Additionally, this software is becoming to be a common platform of FOMA terminals to be developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
Demands for the network management systems under the next generation networks are discussed, and some solutions offered by NEC are introduced.
The efficiency of this vibration generator depends on the relative speed between coil and magnet.
In comparison with the fluctuation, the electric power generation is the 40 twice.
By optimizing TFT structure for controlling field emission silicon, especially, reducing high withstand voltage and off-current, here was realized perfect control of emission current based on the built-in TFT.
Stabilization based on TFT control is very effective, so 0.1 of emission fluctuation could be obtained.
With digitalization of a FPU system, a remote control/monitoring system for FPU single units and digital peripheral equipments became very complex compared with the previous systems.
The FPU remote operating panel at the Broadcasting Station has the function to perform data communications with a mountain-side FPU local operating panel, and also the control/monitoring function for individual equipments of the mountain-side station and the Broadcasting Station.
The analysis method was confirmed effective because characteristics when driving by power source voltage with a arbitrary wave form can be systimatic analyzed.
Ratings of a trial electric motor are three‐phase, quadrupoles, 10 hp, 220V and 60Hz.
Slip ‐ torque characteristics when reactance values are shown to present the relation with gerges phenomenon.
At a horizontal telephone-tunnel part, horizontal or longitudinal snake was adopted from a cable occupying space surface, and snake pitch and width were determined from the performance.
The acceleration characteristic is smooth and the shock during starting is also little, as the voltage can be increased in order to under connect the electric motor to the power source.
By combining some transformers, a energization circuit for large sudden short circuit current is composed, and a current‐limiting operation is examined experimentally.
Current value at the start of a current‐limiting was increased, when the current rate-of-climb increased.
A solder bridge was studied as a model to observe its formation process.
The integrated system permits acquisition of the information on all the equipment, general management of the abnormality of the equipment, reduction of management burdens, and cost reduction.
And, "inclination to multi‐media and innovation of information and communication market" is taken up as a major theme, when the market now is at a large turning point after 10 years has passed since the introduction of competition principle into the market, the current trend of information and communication industry is explained from 3 sides as seen from the government, seen from users, and the industry itself.
Main purposes are measures for the extension of production facility and the improvement in working rate in existing facility.
After the integration, only the exhaust of the epitaxial growth device passes the HCl scrubber, and the others flow to the new suction chamber directly.
The epitaxial system scrubber in the last stage discharges the exhaust in the atmosphere.
The concentration is the detection limit of 2ppm or less, and the environmental standard has been satisfied.
Next, IC destruction and electrification route are classified, and it is shown in the table that the static charge of 35kV may be generated in the human body.
This paper explains merits of the balanced transmission, and input circuit and attennator used in the balanced transmission, and describes features of the twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit in which the first stage is made to be FET.
This paper describes adoption of custom parts such as a copper foil stynene capacitor with copper pipes, high inertia power, and feeding systems of BTL output stage.
System outline and features like machining accuracy are explained for each machine of excimer laser, carbo dioxide gas laser and ND:Yag laser.
Shapes, processes, quality and application examples of build up via with moderate taper by laser are discussed along with problems.
A part of the second radiation fin is bent by this cadding force, and it is junctioned to the first radiation fin.
By this, an assembly process is not increased, warping of a package is prevented, and a heat radiation effect is increased.
Features of its structure are as follows : 1) A photodiode detector converting incident photon into photocurrent ( multiplicand ), 2) outside electric signal input ( multiplier ) common to every pixel, 3) a current mode multiplier generating the product of photocurrent and electric signal, 4) a capacitor accumulating the correlation result by integral of product current, and 5) a CCD or MOS switching circuit scanning the correlation result as ordinary video signal.
Some possible structures and circuits were proposed and verified.
Application of this sensor was also examined.
In addition, this paper explains the television picture representation from the angle of display system, and also the degradation of the dynamic images and its countermeasures.
The equipment for evaluating the characteristics which the input was suddenly changed was constituted by simulating the voltage fluctuation generated in inserting a fuse.
Detection time was 4ms.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
The following are described : Determination of the standard frequency, load capacity, and reflow condition of the same product.
Metastable RZ nonlinear pulses which move on a transmission path on which optical fibers with positive and negative group velocity dispersion are connected alternately, are called dispersion management soliton, dispersion allocation soliton, or stretch pulses.
This paper introduces an outline of a digital satellite broadcasting technology and overviews present states of the digital broadcasting of foreign countries.
This paper describes states of number of channels and subscriber number in the U.S.A., Europe and Asia.
In this paper,the outline of this engine was introduced by following items;
The shipment shares for non‐utility use, OEM and export are 38.0% , 37.7% and 23.2% respectively.
Besides, the shipment of gasoline engine to the agricultural forestry industry and fisheries totals 3352000 and amounts to 54.3% share.
Results of the analysis shows high accuracy properties, such as the reproducibility of relative standard deviation 0.3〜0.9% varified by repetitive analyses of ten times, the clibration curves with correlation coefficient of 1 verified by tests of standard materials in using six kinds of acetonitrile dilute solutions, and the formaldehyde detection limit of 0.0018μg/mL.
The AR(Activated Radical) combustion engine is the engine in which the conventional combustion is improved by the utilization of activated free radicals.
In conclusion, cutting edge abrasion is Al> copper, and minimum undeformed chip thickness is Al : the copper, and there was not large difference.
As a result of testing the titled motorcycle, the revolution at low speed range waas stable because of large torque at low speed and acceleration sensation at high revolution range was also excellent.
The unit gave a feeling at cornering that the running is smooth, secure and stable.
Specific fuel consumption throughout the test course was 18.7km/l, which was on the same level as those of other multi‐cylinder water‐cooled engines of the same class.
This paper describes the results of analysis at the Urawa electric railcar depot.
Five shaft control machining center is effective for the machining of metal molds, impellers and various kinds of blades with complicated, three‐dimensional curved surfaces.
First, differences between 3 shaft maching and 5 shaft machinig are clarified, and problems with 3 shaft machining are indicated.
This paper shows that those problems can be solved by choosing 5 shaft machining, and the machining efficiency can be improved.
Power performance in the case of the high pressure turbo charger is such that a long wheel base body can be driven lightly by winding‐up and winding‐down of the winding.
Some mills have additional impact boards to increase the impulsive force.
Extended use of the cameras is expected in the future.
Efforts to make advanced design and size compaction of cameras are still in progress.
The author manufactured the system for realizing the HMD following the line of sight.
With the titled structure, the floor beams reduce radiation noise of the floor board which has an absorbing effect, elastically support the floor board with special damping rubber, and thus reduction of vibration transmission to the floor is attempted.
In addition, it was a precondition to enable installation of structural objects including a duct arranged through the floor.
In drilling stainless steel, chip handling especially causes many troubles.
This paper introduces a throw‐away tip drill, "Magic Drill", of KYOCERA Co., and the performance of the chip breaker developed for stainless steel.
This drill has such a shape that an outside cutting edge and an inside cutting edge are arranged at every two corners of the same tip.
Active stability control system and electric power steering are presented which were developed by Delphi Automotive Co., a subsidiary of GM Co.
These are fully‐electric control systems.
The former are 2‐ and 4‐channel types, and monitor rotations of 2 wheels and 4 wheels to control braking forces of 2 wheels and 4 wheels respectively.
FINE DATA Co. generates a cutter path which can make the best use of the high rotational speed and the excelelnt rotation accuracy of an air‐static bearing spindle.
This paper explains the titled finders : 1) Superior functions ;
es as up‐right position and little view difference in photographing screens, 2) specifications of structure and optical systems ;
The company renewed cards for security of the past security system to a high-function IC card system so that cards can be utilized even in another system (an employee dining room system).
Card information of IC chip built-in is made to read into a noncontacting card reader, and it is referered to fixed registrated information, and thus unlocking of an electric lock and a mailbox door is conducted.
The IC card is a hybrid type of the contact and noncontacting common use which adopted MIFARE (developed by Philips).
Generally, 8 harbors called Outports and Yangon Harbor, namely 9 harbors in total are opened.
Myanma is behind in market economization together with Laos, Canbodia, Vietnam, and the GDP per one person is the lowest in the 4 countries, and it remains $ 180, but Myanma is thought to remarkably develop if political problems are solved, because flatland occupies 7 ×10% of the land and natural resources are rich, and because personnel expenses are extremely cheap.
"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System", which is installed in the return air area of the clean room, has the sensitivity of about 2000 times higher then that of the general fire alarm system.
And, using bridge inspection data in the jurisdiction of national highway office, given the scenario of countermeasures for repair and reinforcement, this paper estimates the future transition of repair cost, and examines the effect of various conditions and factors on the future prediction.
The concrete members of the upper slab and the side walls were jacked up with a jack on the lower slab concrete so as to eliminate clearance between the pipe lower ends and the upper slab.
The above dam which is a concrete gravity type of 21.7m in height and 85.5m in crest length is a multipurpose dam for flood control, water flowing function maintenance, and waterworks.
A downstream apron and a hydraulic jump tyupe auxiliary dam were adopted as energy dissipators.
The approach to materialization of the new railway line in the title is introduced while referring to an episode related to taking proceedings of a patent.
Details of negotiations for obtaining the patent for extending the railways of Osaka monorail are described from prior consultation, application and a council of the Ministry of Transport to the patent.
On future building equipment plan, consciousness for the lavatory and the utilization action was arranged, and the mutual relation was examined.
In this paper, the totaling result of the questionnaire for the student was compared with the one for general adults.
This paper is the interim report on the investigation for deciding the regional promotion plan compiled by the Chubu Industry Activation Center ( Foundation ) entrusted from the Agency of Natural Resources and Energy, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry.
The content consists of the following. 1) Outline and background of the wide‐area zone. 2) Basic issues of the wide‐area zone : General ( Promotion of settlement and maintenance of vitality ‐ basic issues of the area, improvement of social capital which supports the settlement and exchange, reconstruction of regional economy, reconstruction of the autonomy and making of mechanism of new regional operation ). 3) Issues of Kiso wide‐area zone : Detailed explanations ( population problem, industry problem, living environment, development impact of the road ). 4) Directivity of Kiso wide‐area promotion plan.
For a model project on the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry (METI), a proof-test on traceability carrying out distribution history management on the circulated resources beyond the borders between Kitakyushu city and Tianjin city in China was begun.
Comments on a swell of global environmental research.
Report on the results of questionnaire at the second global environmental researcher conference.
An odor measuring method for low concentration was examined which can not be measured by conventional sensory evaluation method, and the background was also described.
The basis of measuring method is the thickening of a general environment odor, and the concentration is measured by current three point comparison type smell bag method.
World marine transportation of crude oil in 1992 was 1,300 million tons, and the import of crude oil in Japan was 210 million tons.
Time‐series variations of NH4‐N concentration in gap water in the rooting zone were measured in different positions, and accumulated removal quantity of N during the experimental period was obtained.
And concerning the classification and the type of the biological treatment method, it describes classification according to reaction types of bacteria, classification according to the supporting type of microorganisms, and types of the biological treatment method.
Generation rate of ozone, effects of discharging in nitrogen atmosphere are described.
A calibration curve of this system is made for dilution of odor gas by clean air.
Fusion stone processing of sewage sludge is a series of technology until crystallizing the sewage sludge slag.
This paper presents the comparison of flow‐sheets of both processs where the type of the fusion furnace is different each other.
The sonte products are classified into three types of sandy, gravel and block, and are applied for various civil engineering works.
The result of a questionnaire on 16 items of management reform measures for a service station were shown in percentage.
While taking off from runway 14 of Honda Airport at Okegawa‐City for leisure purpose, the airplane deviated from the runway to the left.
The pilot‐in‐command immediately took a corrective action to return the airplane to the direction of runway, however while the airplane could not attain altitude, the left landing gear touched the left runway light, then the airplane was forced to land on a farm in a riverbed located about 500m from the end of the runway and damaged badly.
This paper reports the practical system for the above work in Central Japan Railway Co.
This system is scheduled to go into service in Shizuoka district in 1999.
This paper explains a horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, transportation and storage.
The thinning to 0.7〜0.5mm is at present examined, and titanium tubes adopted in domestic nuclear power plants exceed 5130t.
The material in the title provided with high temperature characteristics which are equivalent to SCH21 and low cost was developed.
The following are reported : The effect of additive elements on high temperature characteristics and material characteristics obtained in the course of development.
Dimensional accuracy and shear drop width are constant regardless of the pressure but accuracy has deteriorated and proportionate to sheet thickness and inversely proportionate to hole diameter.
In finishing hot rolling mill, gauge thickness change during rolling is performed by changing reduction position and speed of each stand in order so as not to disturb mass flow balance.
When resistance sintering is applied sintering and joining may be done simultaneously (ordinarily, two processes are required).
The bonding strength is strongly influenced by the heat conductivity of the joined ingot metal.
Based on the experimental results, a device to keep rubber's inner pressure constant was trially fabricated and experimented.
The residual stress on the welding line that is difficult to measure by the X‐ray method can be determined using the strain gauge measured values off the welding line.
The verification was made in the butt welded joint experiment of SUS316 stainless steel.
The material tends to stretch in circumferential direction to expand the outer diameter.
The formability of spline rolling of a cup‐like material was analyzed using general‐purpose analysis software ABAQUS, and the effect of outside tool tooth form shape on the deformation of a product was examined.
This paper describes causes of the generation of combustion failures in oil fired boilers.
Sulfur content causes sulfate corrosion of low temperature parts such as the fuel economizer and air preheater.
A software in the title which optimizes the operating condition of manufacturing equipment in chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metal, ceramic industries is developed.
Statistical experimental design, evolutive optimization method, experiential modelling method, data fitting by linear and non‐linear regression, by step regression, and by interpolation and extrapolation, and response surface method etc. are used as the generic technology.
The system did not need a deodorizer, and was able to be operated at odor intensity less than 2.5.
The confirmation of the safety is necessary so as not to cause fire accident in a spark under construction.
This paper explains the preparation of a knife for cut off of corrugators and a margin‐to‐seam knife for carton formers.
Since specially difficult points are few for the adjustment, it is important to master the technique by oneself.
Major detergent manufactures in Japan have changed the surfactants in their products from anionic LAS to nonionic POER.
As a result, a quantitatively good balanced combination of POER with anionic AS was successful for a weaker ichthyotoxicity without lowering the detergency.
This paper describes ceramics for high frequency insulation and the evaluation.
Alumina, steatite, forsterite were evaluated, and the result of loss reduction research conducted in the Fine Ceramic Center is reported.
This paper describes development outline of low‐loss forsterite porcelain.
This paper describes insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric constant and dielectric loss, dielectric characteristics in microwave band as evaluation methods for high frequency ceramics.
A glass fiber reinforced polypropylene board with the circular hole notch was injection molded, and the effects of the hole size and rotation speed of the molding machine on the fiber and hole strength were examined.
As the rotation speed increases, fibers break and the energy release rate decreases.
This paper confirmes increase of blood stream quantity and hyperplasia of cells when the short‐chain fatty acid is infused into a patient operated on for large intestine and rectal disorders.
The intrarectal infusion of short‐chain fatty acids to patients whose rectal functions have been lowered is found to be important from the viewpoints of not only the blood acceleration functions of mucosa but also the nutrient effects on the mucous cell.
Features of I are antibacterial and deodorization functions, biodegradability and effects for allergic diseases.
Antimicrobial ceramic was manufactured using glassy coating containing heat resistant inorganic antimicrobial agent.
Effects of toilet bowl treated by antimicrobial agent on prevention of urine scale and slime are explained.
To avoid effects of elongation, sample cloth of polyester satin with minimum elongation in length and width direction was used.
The following are examined : Compensations of dart position and west line in skirt prototypes, differences in dimensions of the prototype for JIS size of "Bunka" and "Doreme" types, relation between shoulder slope and forward bending, and quantified correction of the shoulder top part.
More complet database is necessary such as addition of other parts examples, study on skeletal structure and its movable range to design more easily workable and comfortable cloth.
The situations in which OSAKA GAS coped with Internet are explained.
Intranet using all the mechanism of Internet is optimum for the system for information reading.
The function of server was strengthened in order to strengthen the Intranet's mechanism.
Red oxide (ferric oxide) (I) of reddish brown pigment and titanium oxide covered mica (II) are used as microscopic examination samples.
Low magnification (300 magnifications) observation shows I has a plate type and uniform thickness of 4〜8μm.
Image observations in bright and drak fields with moderate magnification of several tens thousands show a large number of fine particles adhered on the samples surface and uniform thickness interference fringes corresponding to thickness variation.
The observation on II as well as I was made.
