This paper arranges features, utilization manuals and design documents of the R5 version of this software.
We are developing a phase shift magnetic sensor system which consists of two coils for sensing and outputs, amplifiers and phase shifts.
This circuit is a feedback circuit in which the resonance frequency shifts by the change of the input signal phase, and it is possible to detect the change of the magnetic features of the object in the center of 2 coils at high sensitivity and resolution.
A high sensitivity strain sensor for strain using surface acoustic waves (SAW) and SAW resonant fequency (SAW-RF) shifts for radio frequency IC tag (RFID) and sensor network is presented using a strain testing meathod.
The detectable strain is calculated for SAW-RF and frequency resolution, respectively.
A SAW sensor with a resonant frequency of 40MHz was designed and fabricated on a quartz substrate by micromachining.
A real-time phase stamp range finder (RT-PSRF) using a three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS) is proposed.
The optical stripe range finder has 3PCIS and three-phase reference signal generator from RT-PSRF.
Thus, three-dimensional shapes of the object are obtained in real time by converting the detected phase to the angle of the projected sheet beam.
Next, this paper explains changes in hydrogen bond networks which are bases of motion of water.
The water molecules in the local part which forms the hydrogen bond move collectively, and the water molecules in other part do not move.
The energy fluctuations associated with such intermittent movement are shown.
The key technology is the technology which produces a thin film of γ-γ-alumina on a silicon substrate.
What has been done for the solution of the electrification problem of the phase plate which was the most difficult problem of the phase difference electron microscope development was reported.
The effects of the deposition process and the annealing process were investigated using the surface analysis method.
102Zr was analyzed for angles of 0, π / 4 and π / 2 from the radial axis.
The magnetic phase diagram of Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+δ(Bi‐2212) single crystals with slightly over doped (Tc = 86.0K) and intermediately doped (Tc = 82.5K) was investigated by measuring the Josephson vortex flow resistance.
The doping causes a remarkable change in the lower boundary of the three-dimensional orderly vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, formation of Josephson vortex lattice and Josephson vortices reflect the anisotropy.
The upper phase boundary suggests a phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice phase to the two-dimensional quasi-orderly state.
Ag and Ag‐0.3wt.%Mn were used as internal and external sheath materials, respectively.
EST analysis of vasa of Oryzias latipes and Oryzias latipes revealed that two newly identified genes were fused to GFP or RFP genes and introduced into fertilized eggs of Oryzias latipes.
The germ line was peculiarly manifested by this, and the analysis was carried out using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and laser scanning type fluorescence microscope.
Construction and new functionalization of the organizational structure by the molecular design are being tried.
After describing features and dielectric breakdown of particle transport under atmospheric pressure, this paper takes up representative atmospheric thermal nonequilibrium plasmas, and outlines the properties and features.
The corona discharge is discharged with electrodes with a needle and a flat plate, or with a wire and a plate under unequal electric fields.
The dielectric barrier discharge arranges dielectrics to at least one electrode such as parallel flat plate electrodes and circular cylinder electrodes, and the dielectric barrier discharge arises when alternate current or pulse voltage is applied between electrodes.
The filamented micro discharge is the most common dielectric barrier discharges, and filament shape thin discharge filaments appear on the entire electrodes.
In optical recording fields from biotechnology to remote sensing, optical polarization is more important.
In addition, products using polarization elements and polarization elements themselves become more and more complicated and used.
The automatic control of flow rate is described, and the sequential control is explained.
This paper describes standards and precautions for type selection and examples of standard measurement system, and introduces constant flow control as an application example.
The result of international comparison by Japan (ETL), Italy (CSELT), Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB) and France (LCIE) is discussed.
Since the radio relay station is installed on the top of the high altitude location, power failure and equipment damage by the lightning become a problem.
The lightning current waveform, duration of lightning current, estimation of lightning\'s path of entry and lightning stroke aspect were examined.
The United States intends to promote the international and domestic competitive power and superiority by the close cooperation of government, industrial world and university.
This paper outlines world and domestic supply and demand trends, and classifies and positions representative grades of each company.
The 1.0T coil was successfully operated for 100 hours.
Next of the mass production of the hologram will be the full coloring.
The titled hologram opens a way to mass-produce a hologram inexpensively, and is a polymer volume hologram using DMP‐128 photopolymer as a photosensitive recording material.
Characteristics and record processes of the photopolymer are explained.
A time‐of‐flight method using a pulsed laser was used as a photoconduction measuring method.
The anthracene crystal with transparent electrodes, charge carriers generated by external electric field and electric current flows.
From the detailed analysis of excited light intensity dependence of excited light intensity, it was judged to be due to photoionization.
The interface for substance operation at atomic level was developed.
The inequality which satisfies incidence and reflection angle of the wave was deduced by the principle of the wave normal ray.
A new expression form of Snell\'s law for refraction is also presented.
The law of definite proportions, atom hypothesis, law of multiple proportions, law of conservation of mass and law of gas reactions.
In order to microscopically clarify the super rapid transient phenomenon, the formation of molecular cluster with temperature and pressure change was also examined by large‐scale numerical analysis using the technique of molecular dynamics.
The introduction of reactive gas from the direct current plasma jet did not change the stability of plasma.
The ablator layer of low‐density was formed outside.
More than 98% sphericity and film thickness uniformity and less than 0.2μm smoothness were achieved.
The superconductivity of the thin film in the as‐grown condition is described.
The phase Doppler method (PDPA) was used to measure the number of captured particles at each point up to 500mm from the nozzle.
The particles were measured and individual data of the particles entering the measuring volume were recorded in the raw data mode with the inflow time.
Apart from the nozzle, the division of liquid lumps and large particles proceeded.
The optical damage was eliminated by forming the non‐absorption region in the facet, and the optical output of maximum 180mW was obtained.
An electromagnetic field and magnetic fluid were installed in a horizontal orizontal tube of closed circuit.
The collector ring for strain measurement of turbine blades by radio telemeter is light pyrometer, and clearance between blades and casing is measured by optical fiber laser.
The scattering of oxygen gas molecule from the graphite surface was simulated by the molecular dynamics method.
It is conjectured that there exists a steady localized mode in the multidimensional lattice.
The annealing condition and the substrate studied include many common conditions for MOCVD epitaxial growth.
Experimental results show that the micro oblique GaAs(001) surface annealed in AsH3/H2 atmosphere tends to form step bunching.
Various types of flow sensors are used to measure the flow rate of fluid flowing in piping of a plant depending on the property and condition of the fluid.
Then, it is necessary to choose the appropriate sensor by the difference between property and condition of the fluid.
In this paper, the measurement principle, merits and demerits of typical flow sensors are briefly explained, and the examples of expanding the application range using recent technology are introduced.
Recently, the development of near field optics using the evanescent light is remarkable.
The titled liquid‐crystal film was formed by uniaxial orientation on a glass substrate, and the amount of the transmitted light through a polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared by the bright line irradiation at 366nm, and the amount of the transmitted light became zero.
The image (I) was formed by the laser pulse irradiation, and the stability over 1 year was shown at room temperature.
The formation of the homogeneous orientation of the liquid crystal with the tilt angle was studied using the above polyimide.
The cleavage of the principal chain was observed by UV, and only small tilt angles were observed regardless of the UV irradiation angle.
The application fields are separation and extraction of useful substances, reactivity improvement, creation of new products, waste treatment and chemical analysis.
Applications of CFCs to hydrolysis are introduced.
The results show that high burn‐up of about 500GWd / t and MA annihilation rate of about 40% can be achieved.
This furnace is promising and will be sufficiently examined in the future.
The flow pattern in the reservoir and extrusion shape of moldings.
By dividing into each item of the mechanism generating spiraling melt fracture, it was examined.
Features of the hydrogen storage alloy surface and technology of structure control of the alloy thin film were explained on the case of application to the electrode material.
In the bulk material, it becomes a problem how to control the alloy powder surface to the film structure suitable for hydrogen storage.
The polymer dispersion type liquid crystal display layer including the true single size liquid crystal domain was examined, and the monodispersed polymer spheres including the individual liquid crystal nucleus were obtained.
It was clarified that the superthin film of 10nm or less can express the function and physical properties which are not observed in the thick film, and that there are special problems unlike the thick film in order to evaluate the electron optical function.
ZnCdSe/ZnSSe/ZnMgSSe gain guiding wave type laser structure is a typical laser.
The optical outputs of 87mW in the continuous operation and 840mW in the pulse operation have been confirmed, and the application to the disk writing application can be also expected.
The large eddy simulation of the turbulent flow of a viscous fluid past a square cylinder was carried out, and the effects of filter width and numerical viscosity were examined.
And, the method for appropriately choosing the filter width was examined in order to excel the effect of the turbulent viscosity in the turbulent region.
This paper reviews cutting, patterning, polishing, and metalizing work of diamond films by laser.
The laser work is carried out by local heating and ablation by the high density light flux.
This paper describes a new method for selectively preparing Ni and Cu on a laser‐activated diamond surface.
This paper introduces the application of laser beam to selective deposition of diamond film, grooving, defects annealing, uniform nucleation, and adhesion improvement.
The safety factor \"q distribution\" over the whole minor plasma radius (R = 3.04 〜 4.29m) was measured by adding a polarimeter of 9 channels to the conventional 5 channels.
Advantages are that there is no sealing part and the safety is high, that there is no moving part in the pipe and the maintenance is unnecessary, and that the sensor can be exchanged without stopping the flow of the process even in the case of one trouble, etc..
The measurable flow velocity range is 0.2 〜 6.0m / s, the Reynold\'s number range is over 5000, and the accuracy is 1% (meter indication value).
In addition, the poly(2) brush was prepared by the hydrolysis by HCl.
The organ for judgment of misconduct like ORI (Office of Research Integrity) should establish.
In the new theory, the crosslinked resin forms different segment by the temperature of curing and post-curing, and the g also changes.
These new theory explains elongation, differences of Tg and segment between crosslinked resin and linear polymer, relation between melting and molecular size, relation between post-Tg and new segment and handling of linear expansion coefficient.
When ozone is generated by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, coexistence of nitrogen in the raw material gas promotes ozone generation.
The ozone formation increased by about 2mg / h.
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of low‐moleculer organic compounds is described.
Present state of the research is described by introducing molecules with large β value into the side‐chain and using ferroelectric polymer, and the problems are described.
The fine‐granular resin was obtained by interface template polymerization using O/W type emulsion.
The amount of Cu(II) adsorbed by the interface template resin with a phosphate group increased with increasing pH.
HM18 is mainly used for the production of nuclides for PET such as 11C and 18F.
Synthesis and elucidation of physical properties of new carcogenocarboxylic acid and its alkali metal salts and esters containing higher 16th group elements such as S, Se, and Te were carried out.
Selenocarboxylic acid ( RCOSeH, RCSeOH ), tellurocarboxylic acid ( RCOTeH, RCTeOH ) and rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O‐silyl selenoester and ‐ telluroester.
The TG method in the nano and millisecond region was applied to the research of the dynamics in liquid crystals, interfaces, clusters, emulsions, medium density fluids, etc., and in addition, methods such as volume grating and cluster grating were developed, and the application was tried.
Though scanning tunnel microscopes (STM) are prototypes of scanning probe microscopes (SPM), SPMs using various interactions between samples and probes have been studied and developed.
By this method, monodispersed swollen styrene particles were obtained, and the titled fine particles were synthesized.
Solar constant S is an important external parameter in determining the planetary climate.
It is said that the atmospheric composition and climatic condition of Venus, Earth and Mars are greatly different by the difference of S.
The underground specific resistance structure from the ground surface to 1000km altitude was obtained and compared with the existing geologic structure.
The mass spectrum of primordial black holes is given and shown to be consistent with the standard spectrum of four dimensions at large scales.
A preliminary study was conducted to determine the excavation site of ice core and the uptake process of impurity in Agassiz icecap surface of icecaphipelago in Canadian north pole archipelago, Ellesmere Island.
In the investigation, pits of about 1.5m deep were drilled at 2 places near the top of icecap and 1 place in a little downstream area, and snow was continuously sampled from the side.
The geothermal water market is a large market for the Sakurai industry or groundwater pumping industry in Japan in the future.The geothermal water market is drilling and groundwater pumping industry.
As the result, the mesh preparation method suitable for the finite element analysis was established, and the mesh of the eyeball which divided the part in each organization of the eyeball on the mesh was made.
Recently, it was proven that hepcitidin and hemojuvelin controlled the iron absorption from the duodenum.
The intracellular distribution was examined by the expression of mHSFYL labeled with HA or GFP in the COS1 cells, and the localization in the cell nuclei was recognized.
The effect of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the intestinum tenue was examined concerning form and function.
As a result of examining the effect for the glucose absorption power, the glucose absorption power in intestinum tenue of the TCDD exposed C57BL/6J mouse increased.
The chromosome band number was used as information of the chromosome position, and the chromosome in which the number had been assigned was collected, and whether there is the functional position was examined.
In this experiment, all leaves of the saplings were subjected to a certain level of compensation.
Afterwards, the branch was made to grow by placing in the plot of changing soil fertilities.
The elongation of secondary and tertiary branches was significantly worse when the soil fertility was poor.
The center of gravity oscillation characteristics in the plantar in-plane were examined using a center of gravity oscillometer.
In this case, the transfer distance of the center of gravity rapidly increased in the anteroposterior direction (or both directions), and it came to overturn.
Whether fetal growth determines postnatal growth pattern and body compositions was analyzed for school screening examinees in Tenryu City.
That is to say, it was shown that the deficiency of IL-18 was connected with the obesity.
This was the same as the gene Stella published later from Kembridge University.
The measurement accuracy of the finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
Features of the taurine intake of the human glioma cell were examined using the T98 cell.
The taurine intake of T98 cells was Na+ dependence and had high affinity systems, and decreased by the administration of phorbol ‐ 12 ‐ 13 ‐ dibutylate (I,100nM) and isoproterenol (1μM).
These results suggest that protein kinase c and cAMP are involved in taurine intake.
The cDNA of α‐1, 3‐galactosyltransferase concerning GG biosynthesis was introduced to mouse fertilized egg to prepared transgenic mouse.
New distributions of GG in visual cell outer segment, small intestinal goblet cell, perispermatocyte, uriniferous tubule and alveolar epithelium were observed by GS.
This mice had many proteinuria, depilation, low body weight and sudden death.
In addition, the total synthesis was stereoselectively achieved on dimethylarosamidine of I of yeast K using the intermediate of the above synthesis.
Bembycidae, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Trichoderma genus were compared for their inhibitory potency.
As a result, useful knowledge on the interrelation of structural activity was obtained.
Using the irradiation device for the cell connected to the beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator, it was verified that the ion range in the target could be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target.
\"Leakaged pollen\" which seemed to originate from the cell membrane damage was observed high-frequent in the end of ion range.
The ghost artifact by pulse rate and the interval was proportional to repeating time and peristaltic flow.
The degree of severity of hepatitis may be different by genotypes.
The nonlinear phenomena represented by the chaos in fractal may be quantified by the numerical analysis.
The peak corresponding to N100 or P300 is not clearly shown.
In normal cells, the telomere is shortened, when it divides, and the cell senesces, when it exceeds some extreme value.
The active electrode with the transmission function which deduced the surface myogenic potential without using pretreatment and conductive paste of the skin was produced experimentally.
This cordless electrode can reduce the burden of the experimenter, because there is no lead wire which connects the electrode like the conventional telemetry system with the transmitter.
The telomerase activity is high in reproductive cells and cancer cells.
It was very high in leukemia cells.
This paper describes the present state in which the number of subjects rapidly increases year by year since gene therapy was applied to human for the first time in 1990.
The pain was relieved when 10μg / day of L was infused for 4 weeks with wound treatments of ulcers.
In addition, CGRP up‐regulates the mRNA expression for skeletal muscle α actin and atrial natriuresis peptide.
This paper describes speeding up of the processing, robustness evaluation, and accuracy.
And, there was a case in which there was the high correlation between normalization dispersion value of the emotional sweating quantity under program preparation and dispersion of the heart rate and case in which there is seldom the correlation.
This paper outlines the complicated interaction between the immune system of the pig and PCV2.
In small-type Crustacea, Paracanthomysis hispida of Mysidae, Caprella japonica and C. tsugarensis of Caprellidae were confirmed.
Including the survey result until now, collected species and collection sites, collection dates were arranged and shown.
To evaluate evaluation methods of vitalized agricultural village region, field survey in 5 regions where high degree of vitalization was performed.
The regional activation process is \"input\" -> \"activity\" -> \"result\" -> \"achievement\" for various regional developments and cooperation.
A check sheet was prepared for sustainable regional activation of activated regions, regional activation process analysis and system analyses.
The following are outlined on swordfish in the Northwest Atlantic region: Movement for recent one year, utilization and application, outline of fishery, biological characteristics, resources situation, and control measures.
The ICCAT resource assessment was performed by VPA and non-equilibrium production model using stock index estimated from data on trawl fishing.
In ICCAT, the recovery plan which returns the resource level to the MSY (Maximum Sustainable Production) level with the probability over 50% for 10 years 2000 〜 2009 is being made.
The deep-sea fishing causes environmental deterioration of spawning grounds, and damage on their eggs.
The decrease of the population may be caused by improper management, etc., and it is necessary to promote the sea breeze protection by the cooperation with the specialist.
The three-dimensional exploration takes cost for measurement and analysis, and it has not come to the practical application.
A new drug prescription (GLCA) using isothiazoline system antibacterial agent was developed for the quality maintenance of rose cut flowers.
Then, cheap and simple multi-specimen treatment of specimens was enabled by using a multiple-specimen crusher for RNA extraction.
This paper adopts a system to make a large span by jointing more than two members.
Zenkoku Nogyo Kozo Kaizen Kyokai (corporation) commercializing persimmon processed goods as persimmon village planning Azuma village and multipurpose agricultural product processing facilties.
This paper analyzes the present state of agriculture and forestry in Higashi-mura, and grasps its problems.
As measures for stopping passage type tourists, cultural facilities and composite industries such as local foods and sales of specialties are proposed.
In cabbage, increased productivity effect by organic fertilization and input nitrogen utilization rate decreased in organic fertilization zone, but nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potassium of compost manure.
After middle breeding eriods, feed intake of mixed area and separate areas.
As one of the countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastic for container and packaging material is examined.
It will be adopted as a recommended variety instead of \"Sasanishiki\" for the purpose of cool damage prevention by the dispersion of heading time and the dispersion of cutting time in the prefecture.
The boot stage of late‐season breed has low cold resistance to young spike by deep water control in the dangerous stage.
The blast disease field resistance was moderate in rice leaves blight.
The Shimajiri group mudstone in Okinawa is classified into Neogene mudstone.
From SS concentrations of turbine water discharged from land improvement sites, mudstone is Kunigami Mergel.
The soil hardness by pin penetrometer affected root penetration and soil pore.
System setting of development specification and investigation were one person rideable passenger type, seedling injury protecting, mulch laying on paddy field, self decay time of mulch.
Three kinds of mulching paper with different strength were produced experimentally and planted using a remodeled commercial mulch rice transplanter to investigate the working properties and planting accuracy.
The installation of \"Individual horticultural products section\" is explained.
In the Japanese black species 160 head breeding farmhouse, 14 heads contracted disease in 26 〜 33 months age, and 2 heads died, and 4 heads were shipped at early stage.
The pathological and bacteriolgic inspection of shipped cattle.
The hyposecretion of insulin is M gene abnormal genes in pancreas β-cells.
In fiscal 2000, perivascular space(PVS) of cerebral hemisphere white matter artery(medullary artery) was depicted by high-magnetic field MRI (1.5T) for 20 asymptomatic cerebral infarction patients, 10 normal persons, and 21 infants without neurological abnormality.
The defective part of acetabular cartridge bone and installed cementless socket were reconstructed by homogeneous bone transplantation.
Surgery combined with support ring has been carried out since 1984 in order to prevent the collapse of the grafted bone after operation.
It was enforced in 42 cases of 45 joints (12 men and 30 women, 40 〜 82-year-old).
In the example in which homogeneous bone was transplanted in the load division, more rigid initial stage firm fixation was obtained by using strut-screw jointly in support-ring.
In this study, gene polymorphism of codons 830 and 897 of factor V was examined in Japanese BCS cases and Nepal BCS cases of the sample preservation center.
As the result, the example in which the 3D image was together inferior to the original image on both central group and peripheral group reached the half.
On 14 lesions in which the calcification of lumen became the disturbance, the patency of lumen was compared in 3D image and original image.
Repair of the osteochondral defect by the aotologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in the rabbit is described.
The average dust numbers, air-floating fungus numbers and dropping bacterial colony numbers in operation room and intensive care unit(ICU) were compared before footgear entrance(a-pair-of-shoes system).
On air-floating fungus number and dropping bacterial colony number did not change in operation room and ICU before and after introduction of the a-pair-of-shoes system.
In order to ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength, apatite hydroxide porous material with optimized diameters of bubbles and continuous through-holes was developed by the foaming slurry method.
And, it also has high applicability for the application to bone regeneration using myeloid cells.
The injury which combines radius head fracture and elbow bone state protrusion fracture in the elbow joint backward dislocation (the medial collateral ligament damage) is called terribletriad(TT), and it is often difficult for the treatment.
The ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of the knee has remarkably advanced.
For the basic research of the ligament band reconstructive surgery, the examination from bilateral of biological research and biomechanics research is important.
Recurrence sites in the thoracic esophageal carcinectomy case, test method of lymph node recurrence and selection of the therapy for lymph node recurrence are described.
Though it is rare to experience the non-specific reaction in the routine test, it is nil to examine to the cause retrieval and to improve the reagent.
HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), antibody and HBe antigen and HCV antibody were started by ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) ELSIA-F750 automatic immunity measuring device.
The case was bone marrow transplantation of acute myeloid leukemia by non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent and suspected of initial stage of hepatitis B infection in infectious infection test.
Recently, non-alcoholic fatty hepatic disorder (NAFLD) (NAFLD) has increased rapidly by the change of the lifestyle habit.
The etiology of NAFLD is mainly obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases combine lifestyle-related diseases.
The significant improvement on the paralysis was not accepted on 3 cases in the postoperative.
In the meantime, in cases of 3, it is considered that the result was bad, since there was the advanced paralysis of MMT1, though the period to the operation was short.
The initial diagnosis patient number counted 808 persons in 3 years and 1 month from the establishment to October 31st, 2005.
The screening MRI was reexamined, and especially, the intervertebral disk high signal in which the frequency seemed to be the highest was examined on the case diagnosed as an infectivity myelitis.
There is a case in which the conservative treatment operation is advised for the elderly whose chief complaint is the pain.
The operation is advised, if there are continuous and strong numbness and pain.
As the characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs, antimetabolites (anorexia, nausea and vomiting, bone marrow suppression) and alkylating agents (hemorrhagic cystitis) are mentioned.
IL-18 concentration showed positive correlation with TBSA, BI, leukocyte count and C-reactive protein.
The possibility in which the serum IL-18 concentration was useful as a clinical parameter of the inflammatory reaction by the burn was indicated.
The disease state of the postoperative dislocation was explained.
In the generation causes, component installation abnormality of socket and stem, collision of pelvis bone spur and femur by retention, collision of socket marginal region and stem cervix, tension inadequate of soft tissues are considered.
As a result of the gene analysis, in the boy patient, the 2 nucleotide deletion was homozygous in exon 29, and in the parents, it was recognized in the heterozygous, and it was diagnosed as a hereditary C3 deficiency.
In the literature, 9 cases were reported until now, and blood-related parents and mutation were homozygote in most cases.
This paper explains thyrotoxicosis.
Treatment of Basedow disease (side effect of antithyroid agent and antithyroid drug, radioiodine therapy, surgical remedy), diagnosis and treatment of Plummer disease, stimulation of hCG, iodine inductivity and toxicosis by the thyroid hormone intake are described.
Features, preoperative care, postoperative ICU, postoperative care and oral ingestion are explained on the clinical pathway for the medical staff for esophageal operation.
The clinical pathway for patients for the esophageal cancer operation is explained.
It was indicated that to clarify the problem by the analysis of the variance was useful for the improvement in the medical quality.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology including postmortem image photographing is explained.
And, the power is also demonstrated for the crime investigation, and the specification of cause of death becomes also possible.
DNA was extracted from blood samples of survival cases, paraffin samples of pathologic autopsy samples and fresh frozen samples, and the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was judged by the PCR method.
In this paper, bringing medicine check business which placed the same corner helicopter pharmacist in proportion to the patient hospitalization schedule hour was introduced.
The Generic Drugs ( the GE medical supply ) increases the social responsibility of the GE medical supply enterprise.
In the future, not only the activity which requires use promotion of the GE medical supply but also the effort which raises the reliability including the quality of the GE medical supply are necessary.
There would be the efflorescence in the face, after the new cosmetic was used.
The oral administration of steroid and the external use of steroid and zinc ointment were performed.
The symptoms were improved 2 months after the administration.
The patch test of the cosmetics was positive.
The contact dermatitis by cosmetics and Akatuki disease were suspected.
IL-2, IL-5 and IL-6 tended to decrease regardless of the prognosis by the treatment in 3 cases in which BALF was able to be reexamined during the acute aggravation treating process, and IL-8, IFNγ and TNFα showed the upward trend in the poor prognosis cases.
In the blood plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8 and IL-10 significantly rose in the acute aggravation stage in comparison with the stable stage.
The bronchial asthma is characterized by repeated paroxysmal stridor, dyspnea and cough, which are easy to appear in the night and early morning, and in the auscultation finding, it is the continuous whistle sound, especially the harmonic flute-like sound.
As a result of our genetic analysis, the possibility in which the IL-17F gene fulfiled the important role in the disease state of the asthma was guessed.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of the remodeling of the airway, and the functional polymorphism of the PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors which regulate whether the remodeling of the airway is easy to progress.
The understanding of the disease deepened by clarifying the pathophysiological and common pathway from them at the molecular level.
The electrocardiogram synchronous reconstitution CT angiography (4 D-CTA) developed in order to accurately grasp the dynamic status of the cerebral aneurysm wall is outlined.
In this paper, the acquisition of basic data of intraorganism temperature estimation using the MRI was reported.
In the millimeter wave region, the possibility of the in vivo measurement of the glucose level was examined by measuring the resonance characteristic using the patch antenna excited by the waveguide.
By the difference of the T2 phase image, it was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement could be realized.
The clinical images of ESCS are night blindness, hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest from blood vessel arcade to middle peripheral part, pestles body reaction and 30Hz flicker reaction, flash ERG ERG opinion and pyramids ERG waveform.
After the preoperative systemic chemotherapy was carried out, left pectorails muscle preservation ablatio mammae, left axillary lymph node purification, and right mammae partial excision were carried out.
Lysine, botulinal toxin and vero cytotoxin ricin are fatally poisonous protein toxins for biochemical weapon or bioterrorism.
A case with linear scleroderma associated with spinal bifida is reported.
From clinical laboratory findings, pathohistological findings and image examination findings, linear scleroderma complicated with spinal bifida was diagnosed.
It is reported that the West Nile Virus (WNV) NS4 B protein becomes an antagonist of the interferon with other viral protein and that it exists in the cell nucleus in the later stage of the infection.
And, it was indicated that it was concerned in the control of the cell division, because many NS4 B protein existed in the dividing cell nucleus locally.
The hepatocellular carcinoma has less lymph node metastasis and remote metastasis than the intrahepatic bile duct cancer which is the equal primary hepatic cancer.
It is necessary to consider multicenter carcinogenesis for hepatitis and liver-cell carcinoma with liver cirrhosis.
Evaluation method of hepatic metastasis and retrieval method of the liver outside lesion are described.
By separating 2mm, the simple excision was carried out.
The remission of the exophthalmic goiter was predicted by the T3 inhibition test which made blood T4 to be a standard in exophthalmic goiter patient of 182 cases.
The Basedow disease recurrence was not recognized for 1 year right after the anti‐thyroid drugs were stopped, when this index was made to be a standard.
With prevention of the danger and early detection of the abnormality, extension of ADL ( action in daily life ) and independence as a nursing goal, self‐help tools, etc. were also devised.
Though as the result, it became the perfect self‐support, and there was no ADL, and there was considerably the advance in comparison with on admission.
On the meal, it became the half support from all support.
The excretion and urination still take time.
A 78-year-old woman who had been administered trichlorthiazide (I) 12mg / day for hypertension suddenly lost consciousness during intravenous infusion of sodium hydrogencarbonate agent for systematic vertigo at her body motions.
This case caused electrolyte abnormality like hypokalemia by overdosage of various arrhythmia including sinus bradycardia, auricular fibrillation, complete left bundle branch block, supraventricular and ventricular extrasystole.
The involvement of trigger activity in the pathogenesis of various ventricular arrhythmia is discussed.
As a result of PCR on the stool collected for 99 kindergartners, Escherichia coli in the title was detected from 3 persons.
There was no problem in water supply and drainage, and the cause food was also uncertain, but it was possible to to touch the kindergarten children with uninstallation of the disinfectant, flow for the waste disposal and diaper storage case.
It became clear that most of the spondylolyses were caused by the intense sports activity in the growth period.
MRI diagnosis is recommended for junior high school students when lumbago continues for more than one month.
The differentiation with chronic articular rheumatism and pseudogout is necessary.
The disease type diagnosis is carried out by the uric acid clearance study.
Examinations necessary for diagnosis and treatment for complications and follow‐up are also described.
Cimetidine, Ranitidine, Famotidine, etc. are main things of I, and the difference in the cure rate is not recognized between once a day administration and twice a day administration.
10mg of lisinopril was administered to 20 patients with more than moderate hypertension complicated with cerebrovascular disorders.
The open study was conducted for cerebral apoplexy patients in multiinstitute cooperation to examine subjective symptoms, pyschotic and neurotic syndromes and hypotensive effect actions of carnaculin.
The attention in the operation in each test method, abnormal reactions and the correspondence were outlined.
The artificial limb apparatus nonmental material except for plastic is discussed.
Natural organic substance is a biological object material, and artificial materials are sometimes reached or exceeded with the aim of natural materials.
The crisis of 212 cases (1970 〜 1993) was the most abounding in 60 〜 69-year-old, and the woman of 20 〜 29-year-old was more abounding than the man of the same generation.
Most cases had T‐IRI over 300μU / ml and insulin binding rate over 30% at the time of diagnoses.
A rare case (male, 25-year-old) of Basedow\'s disease complicated by obvious hypercalcemia is reported.
In the dialysis patient, body proteins are important indexes.
The protective mechanism for infection of resporatory organs and the treatment of chronic respiratory tract infections are shown in figures and tables, and the disease state of chronic respiratory tract infections and the principle of the treatment are simply explained.
Finally, the significance of macrolide in long‐term low‐dose therapy for chronic respiratory tract infection is introduced.
The relationship between central convulsions and level of histamine is discussed.
For small skin ulcer of 12 ulcer with infectious diseases such as infectious atheroma and boils after incision and drainage, white sugar and povidone‐iodine mixed ointment EUPASTA tamponing method and examined the clinical usefulness.
Though the bacterial infection was observed in 3 cases before the administration, it disappeared after the administration.
Ayclovir resulted in temporary improvement.
The cerebraspinal fluid showed increased titer of the herpes simplex antiviral antibody and MRI showed bilateral temporal lobes.
Through the conpulsory education return of 3 cases in the title, the adjustment at the level of handicap was carried out.
The returning to school handicaps understand boards of education, health‐care and medical care after return to school.
By the adoption of the streptoavidin tube method, the measurement of many items would be possible in the identical tube.
As the result, there were improvement of the measurement of sensitivity, improvement of the reproducibility, improvement of the stability of the reagent.
By using the full automatic EIA analytical equipment ES600, the consolidation processing of large number of samples becomes possible.
The history of music education and therapy departments, faculty of education, Kansas University, was investigated.
The history of death by Mr. Gaston was investigated.
The artificial kidney was divided into HD chronica and emergency‐intensive medical care field, and present state and future development trend in each field were explained.
In dogs made in gastric fistura, gastric‐acid secretion test by insulin load and gastric emptying test using acetaminophen were carried out.
Though the postoperative effect on acid reduction was recognized, the significant change was not recognized in the gastric emptying ability.
On the chorus as a part of the recreation therapy, the questionnaire was carried out.
The pain was improved or disappeared obviously in all cases.
The action depended on the importance of \"dirty blood syndrom\" which was the oriental medicine disease state.
The lymphocyte permeation with sphacelus and nucleus heteromorphism was observed in the pericardium, and the findings were also recognized in the heart muscle.
The malignant lymphoma of the para aortic lymph nodes was considered to have caused constrictive pericarditis.
The single neural discharge of cutaneous pain receptor (R) was recorded in SD rats, and the effect of chinoform (C) on the thermal reaction was examined.
Though level and degree of the abnormal sense were unchanged, the improvement example over 5% was shown in \"smart feeling\" and \"pain\".
As the result, in the analysis which disregarded the left side exclusion usually carried out, it was able to be confirmed that the high bias was generated in the estimation of the survival time distribution.
And, it was also proven that there was a case in which the bias was generated, when the Weibull distribution was applied to the survival time by the parametric maximum likelihood method.
The LDH activity determination reagent \"ESPA‐LDH Liquid\" (NIPRO) based on the JSCC recommendation method was examined.
In addition, the relation with the pyruvate to lactate method adopted in many facilities at present and the relation with the JSCC conformity reagent of other company were also examined.
JSCC recommendation of LDH activity values from pyruvate to lactate method.
Chinese medicine therapy underwent and abdominal surgery is described for anastomotic stricture Buku‐ryo‐san Dai‐kenchu‐to intestinal atresia and Hochu‐ekki‐to for post operative bone metabolism failure.
The dai‐kenchu‐ to promotes enterokinesis.
The time course of electrocardiogram (ECG) was studied in 29 patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
By dividing 13 cases in which the pulmonary arterial pressure was measured into high value group and low value group of the systolic pulmonary arterial pressure, the electrocardiograms were compared.
Compared with the day of onset, QT interval became marked prolongation in V1 and V2.
The hernia repair was enforced in the neonatal period and the heart catheterization was enforced for the cardial murmur in 3-year-old.
Two pairs of bilateral paravertebral veins replaced the feedback from the lower body, which were thinner than both primary azygous veins.
Using rats and CR‐rat CS‐rat with genetically high sensitivity for toxicity of chinoform, chinoform was administered for SMON onset.
We report a dissecting aneurysm of the aorta of the Standord A type.
Her chief complaints were dyspnea and pectoralgia, and she was diagnosed as septicemia by blood culture.
In experimental animal models, tumors can be placed in an inactive condition, i.e., a dormant condition, by suppressing angiogenesis.
Effectiveness and safety of imidapril hydrochloride (I) in the treatment of hypertension in the hemodialysis patients are examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
Imidaprilat was removed about 50% and about 65% by hemodialysis for 3 and 4 hours, respectively.
The safety of I for treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients was confirmed.
The operating room cleanliness was investigated before and after renewal of air conditioning equipment.
The number of airborne bacterial flora, floor and wall adhered bacterial flora did not change significantly before and after renewal of the air conditioning system.
In the ventilation frequency of 20 〜 30 times / hour, there was a problem in the exhausting capacity for the dust generatin amount.
She overturned under ski slide and received medical examination due to right knee deformation and pain.
The outside dislocation and valgus deformation were recognized in the inspection, and patella dislocation and thinbone distalis epiphyeal line separation open in X‐P.
Thirteen of 55 cinnamyl compounds and related compounds, which were considered to be contained in cinnamon bark, showed strong antipyretic activity.
The antipyretic activity of Kakkon‐to against influenza infectious disease was demonstrated.
This paper explains air turbine handpiece (A) and micromotor handpiece for treatment and dental technic.
The weight of A is about 30 〜 70g, and the rotational speed in non‐loading is 30 〜 40 × 104rpm.
Recent topics of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory agents (S) are described.
The transition of S development of S is introduced, and next, properties, route of administration and features of the drugs are mentioned, and classified into oral, suppository, injectable and percutaneous absorption drugs for explanation.
In the investigation in the wards, MRSA was mainly detected in hands of staff members, patient body surfaces, and floors.
The utility and problems of coated Y‐shape artificial vessels were compared with those of uncoated Y ‐ ‐ shape artificial vessels.
One hundred and forty patients with abdominal aorta aneurysm and arteriosclerosis obliterans treated at the department of thoracic cardiovascular surgery in Kawasaki Medical University from July 1991 to December 1995 were studied for postoperative fever, inflammation, leucocyte count, bleeding amount, surgical time, blood transfusion, changes in graft diameter, and patency.
It seems to be possible to use it, if the above fact is kept in mind.
Countermeasures such as use of the aspirator in opening the operculum and double wearing of the mask were regarded to be necessary.
In both cases, LOS and preload increased on the first day after pericardiectomy operations, and HANP was administered.
The administration of HANP reduced preload, pulmonary congestion and CTR in breast X‐ray.
Cases of a patient with a chest pain with symptoms of unknown origin after the operation of thyroid tumor and a patient with a chest pain of unknown origin contracted after the stress are reported.
Shi‐boku‐to and Shuji‐bushi‐powder and To‐ki‐to with stellate ganglion block.
For the pectoralgia of unknown origin, the administration of Chinese medicine should be also considered.
The subjective symptoms such as vertigo and giddy feeling disappeared.
The gastric acid secretion was negatively correlated with age.
The multiple regression analysis, H. pylori infection (I) and gastric mucosa atrophy showed gastric acid secretion capacity.
It is necessary to reevaluate the relationship between aging and gastric acid secretional capacity and aging in consideration of existence of I infection and degree of gastric mucosa atrophy.
By using the deformation potential, the division of the exciting coil became unnecessary, and the impedance change which the reaction magnetic field by the eddy current brought about was able to be analyzed.
In the three‐dimensional elasticity, the integrated data were obtained in the case of transmission type.
In the EXPO 2005 AICHI Exposition, the robots were operated for half a year based on the \"Robot safety guideline\", when the safety standard of the service robot does not exist.
Recently, the number of large window glasses has increased in small and medium scale buildings, and efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for them are required.
In response to this, a small and general-purpose window cleaning robot of the stand alone type is developed.
This paper explains the flow of research and development of fussy control which started from the research of fussy sets and began to rapidly spread in the application to steam engines.
The structure of the 2 degree of freedom control system and the sliding mode control system which is a robust nonlinear control system are also shown.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled with spatial position and dominant saturation in HSV color space.
After the hand detection of the input image, the circumference mainly on the hand is searched.
This is composed of traffic probe system, information collecting system, analysis system, security operations, and operation system.
Internet Inter-touch Co. is DoCoMo group of Singapore and connection service for customer 4,5 star hotel hotel as ISP (Internet Service Provider).
The inter-touch possesses and controls the equipment and facilities for the internet connection, and the cost shares with the hotel.
If large‐scale parallel computers are available, they can be used practically.
Next, this paper views the future of compression and reproduction techniques, while it describes technology to compress encoding information by image and voice.
The image information compression technology is carried out by removing the redundant part (waste part) contained in the signal and utilizing the human visual performance.
A configuration example of a typical image encoder is shown.
Features of the system are self introduction in the used department, link service with the business system, utilization from the remote location, and metropolitan area LAN/WAN development.
This paper proposes a pattern recognition technique using neutral network (NN) and knowledge processing for remote sensing image analysis.
This paper introduces the case used to explain the parallel algorithm approach intelligibly.
This paper describes the application of business package software.
The first computer of Japan INTEC Co.,Ltd., a sale company of water purifiers, was an off-computer, and it shifted to a personal computer afterwards.
In addition, the client/server system by business server \"K series\" was constructed.
By this, the system was integrated, while existing personal computer property is effectively utilized.
Based on the circuit technology using multiple input threshold operation element neurone MOS(νMOS), \"association hardware\" which recognizes and understands the phenomenon in real time was developed.
That is to say, analog EEPROM cell technology which memorizes the analog phenomenon in high‐density and association devices of the analog vector were developed, and fast detection circuits of the movement vector of the two‐dimensional image and real‐time tracking circuits of the gravity center position, etc. were realized using νMOS as these application examples.
A virtual kabuki kabuki actor was developed using sensitivity agent, pleasure, anger, sadness and delight expression image from face image by three dimentional face model.
A texture synthesis technique based on an expanded L system TSL system (Texture Synthesis L‐system) is defined as parametric and MAP L system.
The construction of the information system which flexibly deals with the change of the manufacturing line was examined.
UML (Unified Modeling Language) and specification of equational related equation (specification describing constraints between calculation items and attributes) are introduced as domain model construction expression technique.
The personnel management of the enterprise in Japan must be related to the mechanism in which the individual way of life is utilized in the enterprise in the long-term.
In considering the prospect of the problem solving, there are individual problem in one side and enterprise problem in the other.
This paper reports the survey results on the title conducted by Japan Consulting Engineers Society under the consignment of the Science and Technology Policy Bureau, Science and Technology Agency.
The survey items are 1) Trends of engineers ( study in 1992 fiscal year and literature search ), 2) Survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers ( questionnairing for each individual engineer ).
On the investigation of actual condition and consciousness of the engineer, the following were investigated: Workers\' enterprises, specialized fields and job contents, working hours, treatments, experiences of the changing job, education and training inside and outside the workshop, consciousness for the job, etc..
Using job orders and public cards for job orders and job orders as information service medium in public employment security offices, job order design of table designs using cognitive‐psychological or cognitive‐engineering measures.
About 80% of SS is organic materials and has high calorific value.
The fuel making system of Japan Sewage Works Agency (JSWA) optimizes conventional drying and carbonizing systems for fuels, high calorieies optmization and fuel cost improvement in operation of the systems.
In the biomass solid fuel production business, it is important to attempt the optimization of energy balance in the whole business and to carry out the effectiveness of general energy applications.
Housetenboss Co., Ltd. aims at completely new \"environmental future city\" which protects natural environment and maintains comfortable living space.
Since the opening in 1993, a part of generated garbage has been treated as livestock feed, and the remainder has been incinerated in an in-house low‐polluting incinerator, and a composting system was introduced in April, 1995 for the purpose of reducing fuel for incinerating disposal.
Similarly, the index of discharge of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide also lowered from 100 to 63.
[2004.7].
In chapter 2 〜 chapter 5, this paper describes the outline of landform and geology, modeling and analysis region, procedure of modeling and analysis, and underground water-flow analysis.
The result of the research was arranged in chapter 6.
[2005.5].
The imaging plate has sensitivity 100 〜 1000 times of the X‐ray film, and the position resolution is also good.
The detection of the alpha ray emissioned from plutonium fine particles adhered to the filter was tried using this.
It is possible to know the radioactivity distribution pattern of the polluted surface.
On the neutronics evaluation method, adoption of the homogeneous model, correction of the heterogeneous effects and derivation of the predicted value and the prediction error were described.
This paper describes the technlological trend of the high-efficient electric motor mainly on the induction motor.
The use is being recommended even in the energy saving law.
This paper presents an engine which can project a screen of 62 inches at a projection distance of 20cm or less by a hybrid optical system of a nonspherical mirror and a dioptric lens, and a super thin and rear projection television experimental model using this.
In the optical system in which the lowest angle of field is big and the effective angle of field range is small, it was found that the image surface bulge can be reduced by the simple optical system composition regardless of the condition of the conventional Petzball sum, and the low-cost optical system was realized by the simple composition.
Based on such design guidelines, an engine and a television of the DLP TMsystem were produced experimentally.
The distance to the screen reached 125mm, and the largest half angle reached 80 degrees, and the depth of the television was 26cm, while screen strain of 0.4% or less and contrast of 3000: 1 were achieved.
Such design area is called \"Display optical system design\".
However, some generality and commonness must be found in order to carry out the classification.
For the past several years, a large MEMS research program has been set by considerable financial support from the government.
The development of the high brightness blue LED element by Nichia Chemical Co., Ltd. became a foundation, and the large image system using FCLED was created, and the real FCLED large image appeared in the front of Tokyo and Shibuya station in 1995.
Au plating thickness and plating thickness decreased the bond strength.
The modular high-speed and multifunctional mounting machine \"NXT (next)\" of FUJI MACHINE MFG. Co.
In NXT, 1) the improvement in the feed accuracy of the tape feeder, 2) the improvement in the position recognition accuracy, 3) the reduction in the parts mounting load, 4) the optimization of the descent profile, 5) the reduction in the slide resistance, etc. are carried out.
This software is becoming a common platform for FOMA terminals developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
This paper discusses the requirements for network management systems under the next generation network, and introduces some solutions provided by NEC.
The efficiency of the vibration generator is determined by the relative speed between the coil and the magnet.
In comparison with the fluctuation, the electric power generation is 40 times.
The perfect control of emission current by built-in TFT was realized by optimizing TFT structure for controlling field emission silicon, especially for reducing high withstand voltage and off-current.
The stabilization by the TFT control was very effective, and the emission fluctuation of 0.1 was obtained.
With the digitalization of FPU system, remote control/monitoring system of FPU single units and digital peripheral equipments became very complicated.
The FPU remote operating panel in the Broadcasting Station has data communications with the mountain side FPU local operating panel and control/monitoring function to each equipment in the mountain side and the broadcasting hall side.
It was confirmed that it was a useful method for unifiedly analyzing the characteristics in the drive at the power source voltage of the optional waveform.
The ratings of the trial electric motor are three‐phase, quadrupoles, 10 hp, 220 V and 60 Hz.
Slip ‐ torque characteristics with varying reactance values are shown and the relation with the gerges phenomenon is shown.
In the horizontal telephone-tunnel part, horizontal or longitudinal snake was adopted from the cable occupying space surface, and snake pitch and width were decided from the results.
Since the voltage can be raised in order, while the electric motor is connected to the power source, the acceleration characteristic is smooth, and the shock in the starting is also little.
The energization circuit of large sudden short circuit current was constituted by the combination of multiple transformers, and the current‐limiting operation was examined experimentally.
The current value at the start of a current‐limiting start increases with increasing current rate-of-climbing.
In this study, a solder bridge was used as a basic model, and the formation process was observed.
In the integrated system, the information acquisition of all facilities is possible by one machine, the general management of the abnormality of the facility is possible, the burden of the management can be reduced, and the cost is reduced.
The inclination to multi‐media and information and communication market is information and communication industry.
Main purposes are correspondence to production facility extension of production facility and working rate improvement of existing facility.
After the integration, only the exhaust of the epitaxial growth device passes through the HCl scrubber and the others flow directly into the newly installed suction chamber.
The epitaxial system scrubber of the last stage discharges the exhaust to the atmosphere.
The concentration is below the detection limit of 2ppm and satisfies the environmental standard.
IC destruction and electrification route were classified and static charge occurred in human body.
This paper explains merits of balanced transmission, an input circuit and an attennator, and describes features of a twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit in which the first stage is made to be FET.
This paper describes adoption of custom parts such as copper foil stynene capacitor with copper tube, high inertia power supply, and feed system of BTL output stage.
This paper explains the outline of each system of excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, and ND:Yag laser, and features such as machining accuracy.
The shapes, processes, quality, application examples and problems of the build up via with the moderate taper by the laser are discussed.
A part of the second radiation fin is bent by this cadding force, and it is joined to the first radiation fin.
By this, warpage of the package can be prevented without increasing the number of assembly process and the heat radiation effect can be raised.
A photodiode detector converting incident photon into photocurrent ( multiplicand ), outside electric signal input ( multiplier ) common to every pixel, current mode multiplier generating the product of photocurrent and electric signal, capacitor accumulating the correlation result by integral of product current, CCD or MOS switching circuit scanning the correlation result as ordinary video signal.
Several possible structures and circuits are proposed and verified.
Application of this sensor is also discussed.
In addition, this paper explains degradation of the dynamic images and the countermeasures, after it explains from the angle of the display system.
The equipment for evaluating the characteristics which the input was suddenly changed which simulated the voltage fluctuation generated when the fuse was constructed.
The detection time was 4 ms.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
Determination of the standard frequency, load capacity, and reflow condition of the product are described.
The metastable RZ nonlinear pulses propagating through transmission paths alternately connecting optical fibers with positive and negative group velocity dispersion are called dispersion management solitons, dispersion allocation solitons or stretch pulses.
This paper introduces the outline of digital satellite broadcasting technology, and outlines the present state of digital broadcasting in foreign countries.
The number of channels and subscriber number in U.S.A., Europe and Asia are described.
This paper introduces the outline of this engine according to the following items.
The shares are non‐utility use and OEM shipment.
The shipment of gasoline engine to the agricultural forestry industry and fisheries machinery department accounts for 54.3% of the total shipment.
The reproducibility of relative standard deviation (10 repetitive analyses), clibration curves of correlation coefficient 1 for acetonitrile dilute solutions and formaldehyde detection limit.
AR(Activated Radical) combustion engine is an engine which improves the conventional combustion by utilizing activated free radicals.
It is concluded that the cutting edge abrasion is Al > copper and the minimum undeformed chip thickness is Al: copper.
The titled motorcycle showed stable revolution at low speed range of torque at low speed and excellent acceleration sensation at high revolution range.
The cornering was smooth, sure and stable.
The specific fuel consumption of the test course was 18.7km / l, which was comparable to that of multi‐cylinder water‐cooled engines of the same class.
This paper describes the result of analysis of the Urawa electric railcar depot.
A five shaft control machining center is effective for machining of dies, impellers, and various blades with complicated three‐dimensional curved surfaces.
First, the differences between 3 shaft maching and 5 shaft maching are clarified, and the problems of 3 shaft machining are indicated.
This paper shows that the problem can be solved and machining efficiency can be raised by changing to 5 shaft machining.
In high pressure turbo charger, power performance is winding‐up and winding‐down of the winding long wheel base body.
There are some mills equipped with additional impact boards to increase the impulsive force.
However, the features of APS are not yet sufficient from the viewpoint of sensitive materials, and future expansion tendency is expected.
To make advanced design and size compaction of cameras are still in progress.
The system was produced experimentally in order to materialize HMD following the line of sight.
The titled structure reduces the radiation noise of floor beams with sound absorbing effect by floor receiving, supports the floor board elastically by special damping rubber, and attempts the reduction of vibration transmission to the floor board.
In addition, this paper premises that components such as the conventional duct arranged through the floor can be installed.
In drilling of stainless steel, chip handling often causes troubles.
\"Magic Drill\", a throw‐away tip drill of KYOCERA Co., and cutting performance of the chip breaker developed for stainless steel.
This drill has a shape in which an outside cutting edge and an inside cutting edge are arranged in each 2 corners in the identical tip.
This paper introduces active stability control system and electric power steering developed by Delphi Automotive Co.
This is a system for electric control of all.
In the former, there are 2 and 4 channel systems, and they are systems which control braking forces in front 2 wheels and 4 wheels by monitoring movements of front 2 wheels and 4 wheels, respectively.
FINE DATA has made a path to utilize high rotational speed of air‐static bearing spindle and good rotation accuracy.
The single-lens reflex finder has excellent functions such as that it can be observed as an upright positive image and that it does not produce parallax in the photographing screen, since the image on the photographing lens is directly observed.
This paper explains the structure and dimensions (visibility, eye point, visibility, magnification) which show the specifications of optical systems.
A high-function IC card system is developed.
The IC chip built-in card information is read in the noncontacting card reader, and the designated registrated information is referred to, and electric lock and ailbox door are opened.
The IC card is a hybrid type of contact and noncontact common use which adopted MIFARE (Philips development).
Eight harbors called Outports and 9 harbors of Yangon harbor are opened in general.
The market economization of Myanmar is retarded in comparison with Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam which are called the generic ASEAN 4 nations with the nation, and the GDP per capita remains at $180 at the lowest, but it seems to develop remarkably, if the political problem is solved, because there are some natural resources in 70% of the flatland and the personnel expense is extremely cheap.
\"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System\" installed in the return air area of a clean room is about 2000 times as sensitive as a general fire detector.
And, this paper estimates the future transition of repair cost in giving the scenario of repair and reinforcement countermeasures using the bridge inspection data in the jurisdiction of national highway office service area, and examines the effect of various conditions and factors on the future prediction.
In order to eliminate the clearance between the pipe lower end and the upper slab, the concrete members of the upper slab and the side wall are jacked up by the jack on the lower slab concrete.
The titled dam is a concrete gravity type of 21.7m in height and 85.5m in crest length, and is a multipurpose dam for flood control, water flowing function maintenance, and water supply.
The energy dissipator was made to be a water jump type of horizontal beating and auxiliary dam.
This paper presents an approach to materialization of the titled new railway line including episodes related to patent procedures.
The negotiations for obtaining the patent are patent by extending the railways of Osaka monorail are prior consultation and council of the Ministry of Transport.
In future building equipment plan, consciousness for the toilet and the utilization action were arranged, and the mutual relation was examined.
In this paper, totaling result of the questionnaire for the student was compared with the general adults.
An interim report deciding the regional promotion plan by Chubu Industry Activation Center ( Foundation ) from Ministry of International Trade and Industry Agency of Natural Resources and Energy.
) .3) Problems of Kiso wide‐area zone (population problem, industrial problem, living environment, development impact of road) .4) Direction of Kiso wide ‐ area promotion plan.
As a model business of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, the demonstration experiment of the traceability for the circulation resources distribution history management which exceeded the border between Kitakyushu City and China and Tianjin City started in October, 2005.
The swell of the global environmental research.
Questionnairing results on the second global environment researcher exchange conference are reported.
The odor measuring method of low concentration which can not be measured by the conventional sensory evaluation method was examined, and the background was also described.
The basis of the measuring method is the thickening of a general environment odor, and the concentration is measured by the current three point comparison type smell bag method.
The marine transportation of crude oil in the world in 1992 was 1.3 billion tons, and the crude oil import in Japan was 2.1 billion tons.
The time‐series variations of NH4‐N concentration in the gap water in the rooting zone were measured at different positions, and the accumulated removal quantity of N during the experimental period was obtained.
Classification and types of the biological treatment method are described by dividing into classification by the reaction types of bacteria, classification by the supporting type of microorganisms, and types of the biological treatment method.
The generation rate of ozone and the effect of discharging in nitrogen atmosphere are described.
The calibration curve of this system for the dilution degree of odor gas by clean air was made.
The fusion stone processing of sewage sludge is a series of technology to reform sewage sludge slag to crystallizing.
The type of the fusion furnace of the two processes is different, and the flow‐sheets of the two processes are compared.
Three sonte products are sandy, gravel and blocky and various applications for civil engineering works.
They showed the questionnaire result of 16 items of management reform measures of the service station by the percentage.
The leisure airplane runway 14 of Honda Airport at Okegawa‐City was taking off.
The pilot‐in‐command airplane to the direction of runway, the left landing gear contact with a left runway light and damaged badly in a farm in a riverbed land of about 500m from the end of the runway.
This paper reports the aspect of the above work realized in the Central Japan Railway Co.
It is scheduled to be carried out in the Shizuoka district in 1999, and the situation is described.
This paper explains horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology and transportation and storage.
Thinning from 0.7 to 0.5mm was examined at present, and titanium tubes adopted in domestic nuclear power plants exceeded 5130t.
The material in the title with high temperature characteristics equivalent to SCH21 and low cost was developed.
This paper reports the effect of additive elements on high temperature characteristics and material characteristics obtained in the development process.
The dimensional accuracy and accuracy are inversely proportionate to pressure, shear drop width and hole diameter with sheet thickness.
In the hot rolling mill, the reduction position and speed of each stand are sequentially changed so that the mass flow balance is not disturbed by the gauge thickness change.
Generally, two processes of joining after forming a sintered body are required, but if electric resistance sintering is applied, sintering and joining may be simultaneously achieved.
The bonding strength is strongly affected by the heat conductivity of the joined ingot metal.
The rubber\'s inner pressure was kept constant.
The residual stress on the welding line, which is difficult to be measured by the X‐ray method, can be identified using the strain gauge measured values far from the welding line.
The butt welded joint experiment was conducted for SUS316 stainless steel.
And, the material was easy to extend in the circumferential direction, and the outer diameter increased.
The formability of spline rolling of cup‐like material was analyzed using general‐purpose analysis software ABAQUS, and the effect of outside tool tooth form shape was examined.
This paper describes causes of combustion failures in heavy oil fired boilers.
Sulfur content causes sulfate corrosion in low temperature parts such as fuel economizer and air preheater.
The software in the title which optimizes the operating condition using manufacturing equipment such as chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metal, ceramic industries was developed.
As generic technology, statistical experimental design, evolutive optimization method, experiential modelling method, response surface method, linear and non‐linear regression, step regression, data fitting by interpolation and extrapolation.
The recovered water was usable as raw water, and the operation was possible at the odor intensity of 2.5 or less without requiring the installation of the deodorizer.
It is necessary to confirm the safety so as not to cause fire accidents in sparks under construction.
We describe cut off margin‐to‐seam knife for corrugators and carton formers.
It is important to acquire by oneself, because the special difficult point is little for the adjustment.
In major detergent manufacturers in Japan, used surfactants have been converted from anionic LAS to nonionic POER.
As the result, it was possible to weaken the ichthyotoxicity without lowering the detergency, if POER and anionic AS were quantitatively well balanced.
This paper describes ceramics for high frequency insulation and the evaluation as the titled ceramics.
This paper evaluates alumina, steatite, and forsterite, and reports the result of loss reduction research carried out in the Fine Ceramic Center.
This paper outlines the development of low‐loss forsterite porcelain.
The evaluation methods of insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric constant and dielectric loss and dielectric characteristics of microwave band for high frequency ceramics are described.
A glass fiber reinforced polypropylene board with fiber circular hole notch on hole strength was investigated by injection molded hole size and rotation speed of molding machine screw.
As the rotational speed increases, the fiber breaks and the energy release rate decreases.
The blood stream quantity increased and the hyperplasia of the cells was also confirmed, when the short‐chain fatty acid was injected to the patient who was operated for large intestine and rectal disorders.
The intrarectal infusion of short‐chain fatty acids with decreased rectal functions has blood acceleration functions of mucosa and mucous cell.
Chitopoly is a polynosic mixture of chitosan, and its features are 1) antibacterial and deodorization functions, 2) biodegradability, and 3) effects on allergic symptoms.
By adding the inorganic antimicrobial agent which is stable even at high temperature to the glassy layer (glaze) coating on the substrate, the ceramic is made to be antimicrobial.
This paper explains the effect of antimicrobe treated articles on the prevention of generation of toilet urine scale fouling and the prevention of generation of slime fouling.
In order to avoid the effects of elongation on samples, polyester satin with minimum elongation in length and width direction of polyester satin was used.
The dart position and west line in skirt prototypes, \"Bunka\" and \"Doreme\" in JIS size.
In the future, not only the case of other positions is added, but also the examination on the skeletal structure and the movable range for making the clothing design easy to move and comfortable to wear is added, and the database construction is wanted to be expanded.
This paper explains the circumstances in which OSAKA GAS tackled the Internet.
The intranet which utilizes the mechanism of the internet as it is is is optimum for the system mainly on the information reading.
The server function was strengthened in order to strengthen the Intranet\'s mechanism.
The microscopic examination samples were red oxide (ferric oxide) (I) and titanium oxide covered mica (II) of reddish brown pigment.
I was plate type, uniform thickness, 4〜8μm by the low magnification (300 magnifications) observation.
The bright field image and dark field image observation were carried out at the medium magnification of tens of thousand times, and large number of fine particle adhesion of the sample surface and uniform thickness interference fringes in proportion to the change of the thickness were observed.
Similar observations were also carried out on (II) as (I).
