This paper arranges features, utilization manuals, and design documents of the R5 version of this software.
We have developed a phase shifts magnetic sensor system consisting of two coils, amplifiers and phase shift circuits for sensing and output.
This circuit is a feedback circuit in which the resonance frequency shifts by the change of the input signal phase, and it is possible to detect the change of the magnetic features of the object in the center of 2 coils with high sensitivity and resolution.
This paper describes a high sensitivity strain sensor meathod using surface acoustic waves (SAW) for radio frequency testing tag (RFID) and sensor network.
The detectable strain is calculated to be 10-10 when the SAW-@-@ resonant frequency and the frequency resolution are assumed to be 1GHz and 0.1Hz, respectively.
A SAW sensor with a resonant frequency of 40MHz was designed and fabricated on a quartz substrate by micromachining.
This paper proposes a real-time phase stamp range finder (RTRF) using a three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS).
It is composed of the parts equal to the conventional optical stripe range finder except for PSF- three-@-@ phase signal generator from PSIS.
By converting the detected phase into the angle of the projected sheet beams, three time-@ dimensional shapes of the object can be obtained.
Next, this paper explains changes in hydrogen bond networks which are bases of motion of water.
The water molecules in the local part which form the hydrogen bond move collectively, and the water molecules in other part do not move.
The energy fluctuations associated with such intermittent movement are shown.
The key technology is the technology which produces a thin film of γ-γ-γ-@-@-@-@ alumina on the silicon substrate.
What had been done for the solution of the electrification problem of the phase plate which was the difficulty of the phase difference electron microscope development was reported.
The effects of the deposition process and the annealing process were investigated using the surface analysis method.
102Zr was analyzed for angles of 0, π / 4, and π / 2 from the radial axis.
The magnetic phase diagram of slightly over doped (Tc = 86.0K) and intermediately doped (Tc = 82.5K) Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+δ(Bi‐2212) single crystals was investigated by measuring the Josephson vortex flow resistance.
The doping causes a marked change in the lower boundary of the three-@-@-dimensional orderly vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, Josephson vortices begin to formation of Josephson vortices, and the layer is packed with Josephson vortices, reflecting the anisotropy.
The upper boundary suggests a phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice state to the two-@-@ dimensional quasi-orderly state.
Ag and Ag‐0.3wt.%Mn were used as internal and external sheath materials, respectively.
As a result of EST analysis of vasasa of Oryzias latipes and Oryzias latipes, two newly identified genes were introduced into fertilized egg of Oryzias latipes by fusion with genes of GFP or RFP.
The germ line was peculiarly manifested by this, and the analysis was carried out using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and laser scanning type fluorescence microscope.
The construction and new functionalization of the organizational structure by the molecular design are being tried.
After describing features and dielectric breakdown of particle transport under atmospheric pressure, this paper outlines the properties and features of typical atmospheric thermal nonequilibrium plasmas.
The corona discharge is generated under unequal electric fields such as with a needle and plate electrodes with a needle and a wire and flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a flat plate a plane corona discharge.
The dielectric barrier discharge is generated by arranging dielectrics in at least one of the electrodes such as parallel flat plates electrodes and circular cylinder electrodes, and by applying alternate current or pulse voltage between electrodes.
Filamentary micro discharge is the most common dielectric barrier discharges, and a thin discharge column (filament) appears on the whole surface of the electrodes.
The polarization plays an important role more and more in the industrial field from liquid crystal display to optical recording and from biotechnology to remote sensing.
In addition, products using polarization elements and polarization elements themselves become more and more complicated.
This paper describes automatic control of flow rate, and explains sequential control.
This paper describes standards and precautions for type selection and examples of standard measurement system, and introduces constant flow control as an application example.
This paper discusses the result (international comparison) of ETL in Japan (ETL), It of CSELT, VSL in Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB), and France (LCIE).
Since the radio relay station is installed in the mountain top of high altitude location, power failure by lightning and equipment damage become a problem.
Twenty ‐ four lightning strokes occurred in a wireless tower and a distribution line in winter of 1990 were observed, and the lightning current waveform, the duration of lightning current, the estimation of lightning intrusion ent aspect, and surge lightning stroke aspect were examined.
The United States intends to promote the international and competitive power superiority by close cooperation of government, domestic world and university.
This paper outlines world and domestic supply and demand trends, and classifies and positions representative grades of each company.
The 1.0T coil succeeded in the continuous operation for 100 hours.
Next of the mass production of the hologram will be the full color.
The captioned hologram opens the way to mass-produce the hologram at low cost, and it is the polymer system volume hologram using the DMP‐128 photopolymer as a photosensitive material.
Characteristics and record processes of the photopolymer are explained.
A time ‐ of ‐ flight ‐ time ‐ of ‐ s flight method using a pulsed laser was used as a photoconduction measuring method.
The anthracene crystal was scratched by transparent electrodes, and light was emitted from one side, and the electric current flows by the movement of charge carriers generated near the surface by the external electric field was observed.
By a detailed analysis of excited light intensity dependence of excited light intensity, it was judged to be due to photoionization.
Since users\' operation is important for idea support in material development, an interface for substance operation at atomic level was developed.
The inequality which satisfied incidence and reflection angle of the wave was deduced by the principle of the normal wave.
A new expression form of Snell\'s law for refraction is also presented.
In the 17th century, the conservation law of conservation of definite proportions (1799), atom hypothesis (1803), law of multiple proportions, and law of gas reactions (1808) were started.
In order to microscopically clarify the super rapid transient phenomenon, the formation of molecular cluster with temperature and pressure change was also examined by the large‐scale numerical analysis using the molecular dynamics technique.
The introduction of the reactive gas from the side of the direct current plasma jet did not change the plasma stability of the jet.
A low‐density ablator layer was formed on the outside.
More than 98% sphericity and film thickness uniformity and less than 0.2μm smoothness were realized.
This paper describes the as‐grown condition of the thin film reported previously, and examines the difference between the as ‐ grown film and the thin film showing superconductivity.
The phase Doppler method (PDPA) was used to measure the number of captured particles.
The particles were measured and individual data of the particles entering the measuring volume were recorded in the raw data mode with the inflow time.
Apart from the nozzle, the division of liquid lumps and large particles proceeded.
The optical damage was eliminated by forming the non‐absorption region in the facet, and the optical output of maximum 180mW was obtained.
A magnetic fluid was filled in a orizontal tube of closed circuit, and a heater and an electromagnetic field were installed outside, and a flow velocity, temperature difference, and pressure difference detection edge were inserted.
The strain measurement by the radio telemeter of the turbine blades does not need the slip ring, and the temperature is the light pyrometer ring, and the clearance of blade and casing is possible by the optical fiber laser.
The scattering of oxygen gas molecule from the graphite surface was simulated by the molecular dynamics method.
The existence of a steady localized mode in the multidimensional lattice is also predicted.
The annealing condition and the substrate studied include many common conditions for which MOCVD epitaxial growth is performed.
Experimental results show that the micro oblique GaAs(001) surface annealed in AsH3/H2 atmosphere tends to form step bunching.
The flow rate sensor to measure the flow rate of the fluid flowing in the piping of the plant uses various types depending on the property and condition of the fluid.
Then, it is necessary to choose the appropriate sensor by the difference between property and condition of the fluid.
This paper presents examples in which application ranges were expanded using recent technology, while it simply explains a measurement principle and merits and demerits of representative flow sensors.
Recently, the development of near field optics using the evanescent light is remarkable.
The titled liquid crystal film was formed by uniaxial orientation on a glass substrate, and the transmitted light quantity through a polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared by the bright line irradiation at 366nm, and the amount of the transmitted light became zero.
The image (I) was formed by the laser pulse irradiation, and the stability over 1 year was shown at room temperature.
The homogeneous orientation formation of a liquid crystal with a tilt angle was studied using the above polyimide.
The cleavage of the principal chain was observed by UV, and only small tilt angles were observed regardless of the irradiation angle.
There are separation and extraction of useful substances, reactivity improvement, creation of new products, waste treatment and application fields.
Applications of CFCs to hydrolysis are introduced.
The results show that high burn‐up of about 500GWd / t and MA annihilation rate of about 40% can be achieved.
This furnace is promising and useful for future studies.
The flow pattern in the reservoir and moldings of the extruded products.
By dividing into each item of the mechanism generating spiraling melt fracture, it was examined.
This paper explains the features of the hydrogen storage alloy surface and the composition and structure control technology of the alloy thin film, when it is applied to the electrode material.
In the bulk material, it becomes a problem how to control the alloy powder surface to the film structure suitable for the hydrogen storage.
The polymer dispersion type liquid crystal spheres including the true single size liquid crystal domain were examined, and the monodispersed polymer spheres including the individual liquid crystal crystal domain were obtained.
In the superthin film of 10nm or less, it was clarified that the function and physical properties which are not observed in the thick film can be expressed, and that there is a special problem unlike the thick film in order to evaluate the electron optical function.
The ZnCdSe / ZnSSe / ZnMgSSe gain guiding type laser structure is a representative structure of the laser.
The optical outputs of 87mW in the continuous operation and 840mW in the pulse operation are also confirmed, and the application to the disk writing application can be also expected.
A large eddy simulation of the turbulent flow of a viscous fluid past a square cylinder was performed to investigate the effects of filter width and numerical viscosity.
And, a method for appropriately choosing the filter width was examined in order to excel the effect of turbulent viscosity in the turbulent region.
This paper reviews cutting, patterning, polishing, and metalizing work of diamond films by laser.
The laser work is carried out by local heating and ablation by the high density light flux.
A new method for selectively preparing Ni and Cu on a laser‐activated diamond surface is described.
The application of the laser beam to selective deposition, grooving, defects annealing, uniform nucleation and adhesion improvement of the diamond film is introduced.
A polarimeter of 9 channels was newly added to conventional 5 channels, and the safety factor \"q distribution\" measurement over whole minor plasma radius (R = 3.04 〜 4.29m) became possible.
Advantages are as follows: there is no sealing part, and safety is high, and there is no moving part in a pipe and maintenance is not necessary, and a sensor can be exchanged without stopping flow of a process even when a failure occurs.
The meter indication speed is 0.2 〜 6.0m / s, the Reynold\'s number is over 5000, and the accuracy is 1% (meter indication value).
In addition, the poly ((2) brush was prepared by the hydrolysis by HCl.
In addition, it should urgently establish the organ for judgment (s) of ORI (Office of Research Integrity) of U.S.A..
In the new theory, the g also changes, because the crosslinked resin forms the segment which differs by the temperature in curing and post-curing.
In order to explain these new theory, this paper describes \"elongation\", \"differences between Tg and linear polymer\", \"relation between melting and molecular size\", \"postg expansion coefficient between Tg and new segment\" and \"handling of new segment\".
When ozone is generated by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, coexistence of nitrogen in the raw material gas promotes ozone generation.
The ozone formation increased about 2mg / h.
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of low ‐ molecular ‐ weight low‐moleculer organic compounds is described.
Present state of the research is described by introducing the molecules with high β value into the side‐chain and using the ferroelectric polymer, and the problems are described.
The fine granular resin was obtained by interface template polymerization using O/W type emulsion.
The amount of Cu(II) adsorbed by the interface template resin with phosphate group increased with increasing pH.
HM18 is limited to H and D, and is mainly used for manufacturing nuclides for PET such as 11C and 18F.
Synthesis and physical property elucidation of new carcogenocarboxylic acid and the alkali metal salts and esters containing higher periodicity 16th group elements such as S, Se and Te were carried out.
Selenocarboxy acid (RCOSeH, RCSeOH), telluroxy acid (RCOTeH, RCTeOH), and rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O-silyl selenoester and telluroester, respectively.
The TG method in the nano and millionscond region was applied to the research of the dynamics in liquid crystals, interfaces, clusters, emulsions, medium density fluids, etc., and in addition, the method of volume grating and cluster grating was developed, and the application was tried.
Though scanning tunnel microscopes (SPMs) are prototypes of scanning tunnel microscopes (STMs), SPMs using various interactions between samples and probes have been studied and developed.
By this method, monodispersed styrene swollen particles were obtained, and the titled fine particles were synthesized.
Solar constant S is an important external parameter in determining the planetary climate.
It is said that the atmospheric composition and climate condition of Venus, Earth and Mars are greatly different by the difference of S.
The underground specific resistance structure from the ground surface to 1000km altitude was obtained and compared with the existing geologic structure.
The mass spectrum of the primordial black holes is given and shown to be consistent with the four-dimensional standard spectrum at large scales.
A preliminary study was carried out to determine the excavation site of ice core in the spring of 1992 and to investigate the uptake process of ice core surface of ice core in Agasice ice caphipelago in Canadian north pole arccaphipelago.
In the investigation, pits of about 1.5m deep were drilled at 2 places in the vicinity of the top of the icecap and 1 place in the slightly downstream area, and the snow was continuously sampled from the side.
The geothermal water market is a big market for Sakusai and drilling and groundwater pumping industry in Japan.
As the result, the mesh preparation method suitable for the finite element analysis was established, and the mesh of the eyeball in which the part division was carried out for each organization of the eyeball on the mesh was made.
Recently, it was proven that hepcitidin and hemojuvelin controlled the iron absorption from the duodenum.
The intracellular distribution was examined by the expression of mHSFYL labeled by HA or GFP in COS1 cells, and the localization in the cell nuclei was recognized.
The effect of 2,3,7,8-intestinum-benzo- p-dioxin (TCDD) on the intestinum tenue was examined concerning form and function.
As a result of examining the effect on the glucose absorption power, the glucose absorption power in the intestinum tenue increased in the TCDD exposed C57BL/6J mouse.
Using the chromosome band number as information of the chromosome position, the chromosome in which the number was assigned was collected, and whether there was the functional position was examined.
In this experiment, all leaves of the saplings were given a certain level of compensation.
Afterwards, the branch was made to grow by placing it in the plot of changing soil fertilities.
The elongation of secondary and tertiary branches was significantly worse when soil fertility was bad.
The center of gravity oscillometer was used to investigate the gravity center of in ‐ the ‐ plantar in-gravity oscillation characteristics.
In this case, the locomotion distance of gravity center of gravity rapidly increased in the anteroposterior direction (or both directions), and it came to overturning.
Whether the fetal growth determines the growth pattern and body compositions after birth was analyzed for school health examinees in Tenryu City.
That is to say, it was shown that the deficiency of IL-18 was connected with the obesity.
This was later the same as gene Stella announced from the Kembridge University.
The measurement accuracy of the finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
Features of the taurine intake of the human glioma cell were examined using the T98 cell.
The taurine intake of T98 cells was Na+ dependence and high affinity systems) were decreased by administration of phorbolol ‐ 13 ‐ dibutylate (I‐ 100nM) and isoproterenol (1μM).
It is considered that protein kinase c and cAMP are involved in taurine intake.
Then, the cDNA of α-1, 3 ‐ galactosyltransferase concerning the GG biosynthesis was recombined, introduced into the mouse fertilized egg, and the transgenic mouse was produced.
Next, they observed the reinforcement of new GG distributions in visual cell outer segment, small intestinal ganglion cell, perispermatocyte, uriniferous tubule and alveolar epithelium, when it was investigated using GS.
This mice had many proteinuria and many depilation, low body weight and sudden death.
In addition, the total synthesis was stereoselectively achieved on dimethylarosamidine of I of yeast K using the intermediate of the above-mentioned synthesis.
Their inhibitory activities against Bembycidae, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Trichoderma genus were compared.
As a result, a useful knowledge was obtained on the interrelation of structural activity.
It was verified until now that the ion range in the target could be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target using the irradiation device for the cell which was connected to the beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator.
\"Leakaged pollen\" which seemed to originate from the cell membrane damage was observed at the end of the ion range high-frequent.
The interval was proportional to repeating time artifact and pulse rate. (auther abst.)
The degree of severity of hepatitis may be different by genotypes.
The nonlinear phenomenon represented by the chaos in fractal may be quantified in the numerical analysis.
The peak corresponding to N100 or P300 is not clearly shown.
In normal cells, the telomere is shortened, when it is divided, and the cell is aged, when it exceeds some extremity value.
The active electrode with the transmission function which deduced the surface myogenic potential was produced experimentally without using pretreatment of the skin and conductive paste.
This cordless electrode can reduce the burden of the experimenter, because there is no lead wire which connects the electrode like the conventional telemetry system with the transmitter.
The telomerase activity is high in reproductive cells and cancer cells.
In leukemia cells, it was very high.
Since the first application of gene therapy to human in 1990, the number of subjects has been increasing year by year.
Lound treatments such as washing of the ulcers and drip infusion of 10μg / day for 4 weeks reduced the pain and reduced the ulcer of the lower leg.
In addition, CGRP up regulates the mRNA expression for skeletal muscle α actin and atrial natriuresis peptide.
This paper describes speeding up of processing, robustness evaluation, and accuracy.
And, there was a case in which there was the high correlation between normalization dispersion value of the emotional sweating quantity and dispersion of the heart rate under program preparation, and there was seldom the correlation.
This paper outlines the complicated interaction of pig immune system and PCV2.
In small-sized crustacea, the following were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture: Caprella japonica and C. japonica.
This paper shows the collected species, collection sites, and collection dates including the past survey result.
In order to examine the evaluation method on the vitalization of the agricultural village region, the field survey was carried out in 5 regions where the degree of vitalization seemed to be high.
The regional activation process was arranged as a flow of \"input\" → \"activity\" → \"result\" → \"achievetgt;, and whether the activity for various regional developments and activation was cooperation was examined.
In addition, the check sheet for the sustainable regional activation was made from precipitation of the system which produced the regional activation, regional activation process analyses and system analyses.
The following are outlined on swordfish in the Northwest Atlantic region for the last one year: Movement, utilization and application, outline of fishery, biological characteristics, resources situation, and control measures.
In SCRS of ICCAT in 2002, resources assessment was carried out using the resource index estimated from trawl fishing data on trawl fishing in each country by VPA and non-trawl production model.
In ICCAT, the recovery plan which returns the resource level to the MSY (Maximum Sustainable Yield) level at the probability over 50% for 10 years 2000 〜 2009 is being made.
Accidental capture by deep-sea fishing is often regarded as a problem, and various regulations and enlightenments are carried out, but actually, environmental deterioration of spawning grounds except for coastal fishery and fishery, and damage on spawning eggs and robbery digging are considered to have a deep-sea effect.
The decrease of the population may be caused by improper management, etc., and it is necessary to promote the sea breeze protection by the cooperation with the specialist.
The three-dimensional exploration takes cost for measurement and analysis, and it has not come to the practical application.
A new drug prescription (GLCA) using isothiazoline system antibacterial agent was developed for the quality maintenance of cut rose flowers.
Then, the low-cost and simple multiple-sample treatment of specimens was enabled by using the multiple-sample crusher for the RNA extraction.
This paper adopts a system to make a large span by jointing over two members.
The National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association investigated and examined 1) commercializing and sales measures of persimmon processed goods as a persimmon village planning project, and 2) improvement direction of multipurpose agricultural product processing facilties for Zenkoku Nogyo Kozo Kozo.
This paper analyzes the present state of agriculture and forestry in Higashi-mura to grasp problems and problems.
As measures for stopping passing tourists, cultural facilities and composite industries such as local foods and sales of special foods are proposed.
In cabbage, the increased productivity effect was recognized by organic fertilization, and the utilization rate of input nitrogen decreased in the organic fertilization zone, but the utilization rate of nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potassium of the compost was different by the type of manbation.
After the middle of breeding eriods, the feed intake in the mixed area exceeded that in the 18-month-old area, and 477 ± 28kg in the mixed area and 451 ± 14kg in the separate areas.
As one of the countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastic for container and packaging material is examined.
It will be adopted as a recommended variety replacing a part of \"Sasanishiki\" for the purpose of dispersion of cool damage prevention and cutting time in the prefecture.
It is necessary to try to keep young spike by deep water control, when cold resistance is anticipated in the dangerous stage breed, though the probability of low temperature encountering in the boot stage lowers due to late ‐ maturing.
The blast disease field resistance of rice leaves blight is moderate.
The Okinawa Shimajiri group mudstone is classified into Neogene mudstone.
The SS concentrations of mudstone discharged from land improvement sites are estimated to be about 8 times higher than those of Kunigami Mergel.
As the result, this paper indicates that soil hardness by pin penetrometer enables the measurement of root penetration, but that the penetration of root is affected not only by soil hardness but also by soil penetration.
A system for development specification setting of ride and investigation of protecting the seedling from injury (one person rideable type, mulch of mulch of mulch of seedling, self decay time of mulch, etc.
Three types of mulching paper with different strength were experimentally produced and planted using a modified commercial mulching rice transplanter to investigate and examine their working properties and planting accuracy.
Individual horticultural section is also explained.
In a breeding farmhouse of 160 Japanese black species, 14 heads were contracted in 26 〜 33 months age disease, and 2 heads died, and 4 heads were shipped at early stage.
As a result of pathological and bacteriolgic inspection of a dead cattle and a shipped cattle, it was diagnosed as the disease in the title.
M gene is hyposecretion of insulin by the abnormality of the gene which works in the pancreas β cells.
In fiscal 2000, perivascular space(PVS) of cerebral hemisphere white matter artery(medullary artery) was depicted by high-field MRI (1.5T) for 20 asymptomatic cerebral infarction patients, 10 normal subjects, and 21 children without neurological abnormality.
The defective part of acetabular cartridge was reconstructed by homogeneous bone transplantation.
The operation which used support ring jointly has been carried out since 1984 in order to prevent the collapse of the postoperative grafted bone.
It was enforced in 42 cases 45 joints (man of 12 cases, woman of 30 cases, 40 〜 82 ‐ year ‐ old).
In the case in which the homogeneous bone-transplanted to the load division, the more firm initial-firm ring was obtained by the combined use of strut firm screw in the support ring.
In this study, gene polymorphism of codons 830 and 897 of factor V was examined in Japanese BCS cases and Nepal BCS cases of the sample preservation center.
As the result, the example in which the 3D image was inferior to the original image on both central group and peripheral group reached the half.
On 14 lesions in which the calcification of lumen became the disturbance, the patency of the lumen was compared by 3D image and original image.
Repair of the osteochondral defect by the aotologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in the rabbit is described.
The average dust numbers, air-@-@ dropping bacterial colony numbers and air-dust numbers in the operation room and the intensive care unit(ICU) were compared before and after the introduction of the footgear entrance pair (monopod system).
On air of the the the a floating fungus number and dropping bacterial colony number, the change was not accepted around the introduction of the a floating fungus number and ICU room.
The apatite hydroxide porous material which optimized the diameter of bubble and continuous through-hole by the foaming slurry method was developed in order to ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength.
And, it has high applicability for the application to the bone regeneration using myeloid cells.
In the medial collateral ligament damage of the elbow joint backward( elbow damage), the injury in which the radius head fracture and ulna hook state protrusion fracture are combined is called terrible fracturead (TT), and it is often difficult for the treatment.
The ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of knee is accomplishing the remarkable advance.
For the basic research of the band reconstructive surgery, the examination from bilateral of biological research and biomechanics research is important.
Recurrence sites in the thoracic esophageal carcinectomy case, test method of lymph node recurrence and selection of therapy for lymph node recurrence are described.
Though it is rare to experience the non-@-@-@-@-@-@-non-specific reaction on the routine test, it is nil to examine the cause retrieval and to improve the reagent.
Measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody was started by the ELISA - F750 automatic immunity assay device linked to ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) in June, 1997.
The case was a patient infection test who was hospitalized of the acute myeloid leukemia for the purpose of the bone marrow transplantation, and the diagnosis was mistaken by the non-non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent, and it was reported as an suspected initial stage of myeloid leukemia B of HBeAg.
Recently, non-@-@ alcoholic fatty hepatic disorder NAFLD (NAFLD) rapidly increases by the change of the lifestyle habit.
The etiology of NAFLD is mainly obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases are complicated by lifestyle @-@-@@@@@@ related diseases.
The improvement on the significant paralysis was not accepted on 3 cases in the postoperative.
In the meantime, it was considered that the result was bad in cases of 3, though the period to the operation was short, since there was the advanced paralysis of MMT1.
The initial diagnosis patient number enumerated 808 persons in 3 years and 1 month from the opening to October 31st, 2005.
The screening MRI was reexamined, and especially, the intervertebral disk high signal which seemed to be the highest frequency was examined on the case diagnosed as a infectivity myelitis.
There is a case in which the elderly who makes the pain to be the chief complaint should not be firmly protected in the conservative treatment and recommend the operation.
Surgery is advised, if there are continuous and strong numbness and pain.
As the characteristic side effects of antimetabolites and the countermeasures, antimetabolites (anorexia, nausia and voexia, bone marrow suppression, etc.) and alkylating agents (hemorrhagic cystitis, etc.) are enumerated.
The IL-18 concentration showed the negative correlation with TBSA, BI, leukocyte count on the traumatism first, and the positive correlation with TBSA, BI, leukocyte count, C-@-@ reactive protein in the traumatism seventh.
The possibility of being useful as a clinical parameter of the inflammatory reaction-induced burn was indicated the serum IL-18 concentration.
The disease state of postoperative dislocation is explained.
The generation causes are component installation abnormality of socket and stem, collision of pelvis and femur by retention spurquate, collision of socket marginal region and stem cerqux, and tension inadequate of soft tissue.
As a result of the gene analysis, the 2 nucleotide deletion was homo in exon 29 in the boy patient and was recognized in the heterozygous in both parents, and it was diagnosed as a heterozygous C3 deficiency.
In the literature, 9 cases were reported until now, and blood-@-@ related parents and mutation were homozygote in the most cases.
This paper explains thyrotoxicosis.
Treatment of Basedow disease (side effects of the antithyroid drug and the antithyroid drug, radioiodine therapy, surgical remedy), diagnosis and treatment of Plummer disease, stimulation of hCG, itoxicosis inductivity and toxicosis due to the thyroid hormone intake are described.
Features, preoperative care, postoperative ICU, postoperative care in the ward and ingestion are explained on the clinical pathway for the medical staff for the esophageal cancer operation.
The clinical pathway for patients with esophageal cancer is explained.
It was indicated that to clarify the problem by the analysis of the variance was useful for the improvement in the medical quality.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology including postmortem image photographing is explained.
And, the power is demonstrated for the crime investigation, and the specification of the cause of death becomes also possible.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was judged from blood samples of survival cases, paraffin samples of pathologic autopsy cases and fresh frozen samples by the PCR method.
In this paper, the bringing medicine check business which placed the same corner heparin pharmacist in proportion to the patient hospitalization schedule hour was introduced.
The share of the Generic Drugs (GE medical supply) heightens, and the social responsibility of the GE medical supply enterprise becomes serious with the increase in the opportunity used to more people.
In the future, not only the activity which asks the use promotion of the GE medical supply, but also the effort which raises the reliability including the quality of the GE medical supply are necessary.
The efflorescence would be recognized in the face after the use of the new cosmetic.
The external use of steroid and zinc ointment was enforced.
The symptoms were improved 2 months after the administration.
The patch test of the cosmetics was positive.
The contact dermatitis by cosmetics and Akatuki disease were suspected.
IL-2, IL-5 and IL-6 tended to decrease regardless of the prognosis, and IL-8, IFNγ and TNFα tended to increase in poor-aggravation treating cases.
In the blood plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, and IL-10 rose significantly in the acute-aggravation stage-compared with the stable stage-@.
It is characterized that bronchial asthma occurs repeatedly by paroxysmal stridor, dyspnea and cough, and these are easy to appear in night and early morning, and in the apcula finding, they are continuous whistle-like sound, especially harmonic flute-stridor.
As a result of our genetic analysis, the possibility in which the IL-17F gene fulfiled the important role in the disease state of the asthma was guessed.
The PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of the remodeling of the airway, and the functional polymorphism of the PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors which regulate-ness to progress the remodeling of the airway.
The understanding of the disease deepened from them by clarifying the pathophysiological and common pathway at the molecular level.
This paper outlines electrocardiogram synchronous reconstitution CT angiography (4 D-CTA) developed to accurately grasp the dynamic status of the cerebral aneurysm wall.
In this paper, the acquisition of basic data of intraorganism temperature estimation using MRI is reported.
In the millimeter wave region, the possibility of the in vivo measurement of the glucose level was examined by measuring the resonance characteristic using the patch antenna excited by the waveguide.
It was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement could be realized by the difference of the T2 phase image.
Features of the clinical images of ESCS are night blindness, existence of hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest from the blood vessel arcade to the middle peripheral part, decrease of the pestion opinion and 30Hz flicade ERG waveform, etc.
After the preoperative systemic chemotherapy was carried out, left pectorails muscle preservation ablatio mammae, left axillary lymph node purification, and right mammae partial excision were carried out.
Lysine, botulinal toxin and vero toxins are fatally poisonous protein toxins which are worried about to be used in biochemical weapon or bioterrorism.
A case (16-year-old woman) of linear scleroderma complicated by spinal bifida is reported.
From clinical laboratory findings, pathohistological findings and image examination findings, it was diagnosed as linear scleroderma complicated by spinal bifiderma.
It is reported that the West Nile Virus (WNV) NS4 B protein becomes an antagonist of the interferon with other viral protein and that it exists in the cell nucleus in the later stage of the infection.
And, it was indicated that it was concerned in the control of the cell division, because many NS4 B protein are localized in the dividing cell nucleus.
The hepatocellular carcinoma has less lymph node metastasis and remote metastasis than the intrahepatic bile duct cancer which is equal primary hepatic cancer.
On the hepatoma patient with hepatitis and liver cirrhosis in the background, it is necessary to always keep the multicenter@ carcinogenesis in mind.
Evaluation method of hepatic metastasis and retrieval method of the liver outside lesion are described.
By separating 2mm, the simple excision was done.
The remission of the exophthalmic goiter was predicted by the T3 inhibition test which made blood T4 to be a standard in 182 cases of exophthalmic goiter patients.
Basedow disease recurrence was not recognized for 1 year right after the stop of anti ‐ ‐ anti ‐ ‐ thyroid drugs, when this index was made to be a standard.
Prevention of the danger and early detection of the abnormality, extension of ADL (ADL) and independence were made to be a nursing goal, and self‐help tools, etc. were also devised.
Though as the result, it became the perfect self ‐ ‐ support, and there was no ADL, there was considerably the advance in comparison with on admission.
On the meal, it became the half support from all support.
The excretion and urination still take a long time.
A 78-year-old woman, who had been treated with 12 mg of trichlorthiazide for hypertension for systematic vertigo, suddenly lost consciousness during intravenous infusion of sodium hydrogencarbonate.
This case caused electrolyte abnormality such as the hypokrademia by the overdosage of I, and caused various arrhythmia such as sinus bradystole, auricular fibrillation, complete left bradyventricular block, supraventricular and ventricular extrasystole.
The involvement of trigger activity in various mechanisms of ventricular arrhythmia is discussed.
As a result of PCR on the stool collected for 99 kindergartners et al., Escherichia coli in the title was detected from 3 persons.
There was no problem in water supply and drainage, and the causative food was also uncertain, but it was possible to touch the kindergarten children with unsetting of the disinfectant, flow for waste disposal and diaper storage cases.
It became clear that the majority of spondylolyses were caused by the excessive sports activity in the growing stage.
MRI diagnosis is recommended for junior high school students when lumbago continues for more than one month.
The differentiation with chronic articular rheumatism and pseudogout is necessary.
The disease type diagnosis is carried out by the uric acid clearance study.
In addition, examinations necessary for diagnosis and treatment for complications and treatment for up ‐ to ‐ follow and treatment for complications are described.
Cimetidine, Ranitidine, Famotidine, etc. are main things of I, and the difference is not recognized in first 1 time administration and 2 times administration at the cure rate.
We administered 10mg of lisinopril (10mg) once in the morning to 20 patients with cerebrovascular disorders complicated with more than moderate hypertension.
For cerebral apoplexy patients of 158 examples in the multi astitute cooperation, the open study was carried out in order to examine actions and hypotensive effect of the drug in the title for subjective symptoms, pinstitutexy neurotic syndromes.
The following were outlined: Points of attention in the operation in each test method, abnormal reactions and the correspondence.
The artificial limb apparatus nonmental material except for plastic is discussed.
The natural organic substance is a biological material, and there are some artificial materials which reached or exceeded the aim.
The crisis of 212 cases (in 1970 〜 1993) was the most abounding in 60 〜 69-year-old, and the woman of 20 〜 29-year-old was more abounding than the man in the same generation.
Most cases had T-IRI over 300μU / ml and insulin binding rate over 30% at the time of diagnoses.
A rare case (male, 25-year-old) of Basedow\'s disease complicated by obvious hypercalcemia is reported.
In the dialysis patient, body proteins are important indexes.
The protective mechanism for infection of resporatory organs and treatment of chronic respiratory tract infections are shown in figures and tables, and the disease state of chronic respiratory tract infections and the principle of treatment are simply explained.
Finally, the significance of macrolide in long ‐ term ‐ therapy for chronic respiratory tract infection is introduced.
The research which dismantled the relation between histamine level of histamine in the brain and central convulsions was explained.
For small skin ulcering and boiling after the incision and drainage, the white sugar and povidone ‐ EPAST was used by the tamponing method which inserted into the ulcer, and the clinical usefulness was examined.
Though the bacterial infection was observed before the administration in 3 cases, it disappeared after the administration.
Ayclovir improved the symptoms temporarily.
In the cerebraspinal fluid examination, the cellular protein increase and the rise in the titer of antiviral antibody simplex were recognized, and in the MRI, the lesion of bilateral temporal lobes was recognized.
Through the conpulsory education return of 3 cases in the title, the adjustment by the level of handicap was carried out.
The returning to school was realized by the handicaps of school and education committee boards and the role of medical care after returning to school.
By the adoption of the streptoavidin tube method, the measurement of multiple items would be possible in the identical tube.
As the result, the following were recognized: Improvement of the measurement of sensitivity, improvement of the reproducibility, improvement of the stability of the reagent.
By using full automatic EIA analytical equipment ES600, the consolidation processing of large number of samples becomes possible.
The history of the music education and therapy departments, Kansas University, fasculty of education, was investigated.
The history of Mr. Gaston\'s death in this university was examined for five years from the following year.
The artificial kidney is divided into HD chronica and emergency‐intensive medical care.
A gastric‐acid secretion test and a gastric emptying test using acetaminophen were made in dogs with gastric fistura.
Though the effect on acid reduction was recognized after the operation, the significant change was not recognized in the gastric emptying ability.
On the chorus as part of the recreation therapy, the questionnaire was carried out.
The pain was improved or disappeared obviously in all cases.
The action depended on the importance of \"dirty blood syndrom\" which is the oriental medicine disease state.
The lymphocyte permeation with sphacelus and nucleus heteromorphism was observed on the pericardium, and the same findings were also recognized in the heart muscle.
We believe that malignant lymphoma of para aortic lymph nodes caused constrictive pericarditis.
A single neural discharge of cutaneous pain receptor (R) was recorded in SD rats, and the effect of chinoform (C) on the thermal reaction was examined.
Though level and degree of the abnormal sense were unchangeable, the improvement case over 5% was shown in \"smart feeling\" and \"pain\".
As the result, it was able to be confirmed that the bias of the enhancement was generated in the estimation of the survival time distribution in the analysis which ignores the left side exclusion usually carried out.
And, it was also proven that there was a case in which the bias occurred, when the Weibull distribution was applied to the survival time by the parametric maximum likelihood method.
LDH activity determination reagent \"ESPA ‐ LDH Liquid\" (Nipro) based on the JSCC recommendation method is examined.
In addition, the relationship between pyruvate to lactate method and JSCC conformity reagent of other company was also examined.
The JSCC recommendation for pyruvate to lactate method is also discussed.
This paper describes Chinese medicine therapy for adults underwent and abdominal surgery san, Daichu ‐ kenchu ‐ san for anastomotic stricture, Dai‐kenchu‐to for intestinal atresia, and Hochu‐ekki‐to for post operative bone metabolism failure.
Dai ‐ kenchu ‐ to promotes enterokinesis from various aspects.
The time course of the electrocardiogram was examined on acute pulmonary embolism patient of 29 persons from before crisis to crisis post-1 month.
By dividing 13 cases in which the pulmonary arterial pressure was measured into high value group and low value group of the systolic pulmonary arterial pressure, the electrocardiograms were compared.
Compared with the day of onset, there was a marked prolongation of QT interval in V1 and V2.
The hernia repair was carried out in the neonatal period, and the heart catheterization was carried out for the cardial murmur in 3-year-old.
Two pairs of bilateral paravertebral veins substituted for the feedback from the lower body, which were thinner than both primary azygous veins.
SMON onset was tried using rats (CS) and rats (CR) with genetically high sensitivity to the toxicity of chinoform for more than 340 days.
A case of dissecting aneurysm of the aorta of the aorta of Stord A type (De Bakey type II) which showed the unique form was experienced.
The chief complaints were dyspnea and pectoralgia, and it was diagnosed as a septicemia by the blood culture.
In experimental animal models, tumors can be placed in an inactive condition, i.e., a dormant condition, by suppressing angiogenesis.
Effectiveness and safety of imidapril hydrochloride (I) in the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients are examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
Imidaprilat was removed by hemodialysis in about 50% and about 65% in 3 and 4 hours, respectively.
The safety of I for treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients was confirmed.
The operating room cleanliness was investigated around the renewal of air conditioning equipment.
The number of airborne bacterial, floor and wall and wall adhered bacterial did not change remarkably.
In the case of 20 〜 30 times / hour ventilation, there was a problem in the exhausting capacity for the dust generatin amount.
He overturned under ski slide, and had medical examination due to right knee deformation and pain.
The outside dislocation and valgus deformation were recognized in the inspection, and patella dislocation and thinbone distal epiphyeal separation were recognized in X-P.
Among cinnamyl compounds and related compounds considered to be contained in cinnamon bark, 13 compounds showed strong antipyretic activity.
The antipyretic activity of Kakkon ‐ ‐ to for the influenza infectious disease was proven.
This paper explains air turbine handpiece (A) and micromotor handpiece for treatment and dental technic.
The weight of A is about 30 〜 70g, and the rotational speed in the non‐loading is 30 〜 40 × 104rpm most.
This paper describes the profiles of non ‐ steroidal anti ‐ ‐ inflammatory agents (S).
The transition of S development of S is introduced, and next, properties, route of administration and features of the drugs are mentioned, and classified into oral, suppository, injectable and perppository, and explained.
In the investigation in the wards, MRSA was mainly detected in hands of the staff members, patient body surfaces, and floors.
The utility and problems of the coated Y ‐ ‐ shape artificial vessels were compared with those of the uncoated Y ‐ ‐ shape artificial vessels.
We investigated postoperative fever, inflammation, leucocyte count, bleeding amount, operation time, blood transfusion, changes in graft diameter, and patency in 140 patients with thoracic aorta aneurysm and ucfusion obliclerosis treated in the department of thoracic cardiovascular surgery, Kawasaki Medical University.
It seems to be able to be used, if the above fact is kept in mind.
Countermeasures such as use of the aspirator in opening the operculum and double wearing of the mask were regarded to be necessary.
Since both cases showed the increase in LOS and preload on the first day after pericardiectomy operations, HANP was administered.
Reduction of the preload, pulmonary congestion and CTR in breast X-ray was recognized from the early stage by HANP administration of in breast X ‐ ray.
Cases of a chest pain patient of unknown origin contracted after the operation of the thyroid tumor and a chest pain patient of unknown origin which seemed to be contracted after the stress are reported.
To ‐ Shuji ki ‐ ‐ bushi ‐ powder and stellate ganglion block improved the symptoms.
For the pectoralgia of unknown origin, the administration of Chinese medicine should be also considered.
The subjective symptoms such as vertigo and giddy feeling disappeared.
The gastric acid secretion was negatively correlated with age.
However, the multiple regression analysis with the existence of H. pylori infection (I) and the degree of gastric mucosa atrophy showed a positive correlation with age.
It is necessary to revaluate the relationship between aging and gastric acid secretional capacity and aging, when existence of I infection and degree of gastric mucosa atrophy are added.
By using the deformation potential, the division of the exciting coil became unnecessary, and the impedance change which the reaction magnetic field by the eddy current brought about was able to be analyzed.
In the three‐dimensional elasticity, the integrated data was obtained by mixing these values in the case of transmission type.
In EXPO 2005 AICHI International Exposition, robots were operated for a half year based on “Robot safety guideline\" in the absence of service robot safety standard.
Recently, large window glasses are increasing for small and medium-scale buildings, and efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for them are required.
In response to this, a window cleaning robot of the small and general-purpose stand alone type is developed.
This paper explains a flow of research and development of fussy control which started in the research of fussy sets and began to rapidly spread in application to steam engines.
The construction of the 2 degree of freedom control system and the sliding mode control system which is a robust nonlinear control system are also shown.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled in space position and dominant saturation in HSV color space.
After the hand detection of the input image, the circumference mainly on the hand is searched.
This is composed of traffic probe system, information collecting system, analysis system, operation system, and it aims at smoothing security operation and information interchange for stimulating the quick correspondence from the detection of the abnormality.
The Inter-touch Co. is a company of the DoCoMo group of Singapore, and it offers the connection service of the Internet to the customer of 310 4,5 star hotels of 42 nations in the world as ISP (Internet Service Provider) for the hotel.
The inter-touch possesses and controls the equipment and equipment for the internet connection, and the cost shares it with the hotel.
It can be practically applied if large‐scale parallel computers actually execute processing.
Next, this paper views the future of compression and reproduction techniques, while it describes technology to compress encoding information by image and voice.
The image information compression technology is based on removing the redundant part (futile part) contained in the signal and utilizing the human visual performance.
A typical configuration example of the image encoder is shown.
Features of the system are self introduction in the used department, link service with the business system, utilization from the remote location, and metropolitan area LAN/WAN development.
This paper proposes a pattern recognition technique (neutral network (NN)) for remote sensing image analysis.
This paper introduces the case used for explaining the parallel algorithm intelligibly.
This paper describes the application of business package software.
The first computer of Japan INTEC Co. Ltd., which is a sale company of water purifiers, was an off-computer, and shifted to a personal computer afterwards.
In addition, the client/server system by business server \"K series\" was constructed.
By this, the system was integrated, while existing personal computer property is effectively utilized.
Based on the circuit technology using multiple input threshold operation neurone MOS (νMOS), \"association hardware\" which recognizes and understands the phenomenon in real-time was developed.
That is to say, analog EEPROM cell technology which memorizes the analog phenomenon in the high MOS density and association devices‐ss of the analog vector were developed, and fast detection circuits of the movement vector of the two‐dimensional image, real‐time tracking circuits of the gravity center position, etc. were realized using ν circuit.
As a main result, the following were developed: Interactive environment which produces the virtual environment in proportion to the communication, sensitivity agent which changes the expression of the face in proportion to it by recognizing eight feelings such as the pleasion actor in the voice, and virtual kabuki actor which changes to the kabuki actor using the technology which detects the expression image in real time from the face image and reproduces it in the three-dimensional face model.
This paper presents a texture synthesis technique based on an expanded L system (TSL system (Texture Synthesis L-system), which is defined as a combination of parametric, stochastic and MAP L systems.
The construction of the information system which flexibly corresponded to the change of the manufacturing line was examined.
As a domain model construction expression technique, the method for introducing UML (unified modeling language) and equational related equation specification (specification which describes the constraints between calculation items and attributes) was proposed.
The personnel management of the enterprise in Japan must change the mechanism in which the individual life style is utilized in the enterprise in the long-term.
In considering the perspective on the problem solving, there are individual problems on one side and enterprise problems on the other.
This paper reports survey results on the title which Japan Consulting Engineers Society received the consignment of the Science and Technology Policy Bureau of the Science and Technology Agency.
The survey items are 1) Trends of engineers (study in fiscal 1992 and study in literature), 2) Survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers (survey by questionnends for individual engineers).
On the investigation of actual condition and consciousness of the engineer, the following were investigated: Workers\' enterprises, professional field and job content, working hours, treatment, experiences of the shift, education and training in and out of the workplace, consciousness for the job, etc..
This report examines the “comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensatory ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensible ‐ comprehensatory ‐ comprehensatory ‐ design\" through the analysis of the table design order by focusing on public job medium ins and public card or cognitive ‐ oriented engineering measures.
About 80% of SS is organic materials and has high calorific value.
In the fuel making system of the Japan Sewage Works Agency (JAWS), conventional drying and carbonizing systems are optimized for fuel making and the high calorie optiemization of the produced fuel and the improvement of the fuel cost in the operation are aimed.
In the biomass solid fuel production business, it is important to attempt the energy balance optimization of general energy applications and to carry out the effectiveness of general energy applications.
Housetenboss Co., Ltd. aims at completely new \"environmental future city\" which protects natural environment and maintains comfortable living space.
Since the opening in 1993, a part of garbage has been treated as feed for livestock, and the remainder has been incinerated in a low‐polluting incinerator.
Similarly, the discharge index of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide also lowered from 100 to 63.
[2004.7].
In chapter 2 〜 5, this paper describes outlines of landform and geology, modeling and analysis region, procedures of modeling and analysis, and underground water-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@-@ flow analysis.
The result of the research was arranged in chapter 6.
[2005.5].
The imaging plate has 100 〜 1000 times the sensitivity of the X‐ray film, and the position resolution is also good.
The detection of the alpha ray emissioned from plutonium fine particles which adhered to the filter was tried using this.
It is possible to know the radioactivity distribution pattern of the polluted surface.
On the neutronics evaluation method, the following were described: Adoption of the homogeneous model, compensation of the heterogeneous effects, derivation of the prediction value and the prediction error.
This paper describes technlological trends of high-@-@-@-@ high-@-@-@-@ efficient electric motor mainly on induction motor.
The use is recommended even in the energy saving law.
This paper presents an engine which can project a 62 inch screen at a projection distance of 20cm or less by a hybrid optical system of rear projection lens and a nonspherical mirror, and a super thin rear projection television experimental model using this.
In the optical system in which the lowest angle of field is large and the effective angle bulge is small, it was found that the image surface curvature can be reduced in the simple optical system composition regardless of the condition of the conventional petzball sum, and the low-cost optical system was realized in the simple composition.
Based on such design guideline, engine and television of the DLP TMsystem were produced experimentally.
The distance to the screen was 125mm, and the largest half angle reached 80 degrees, and the depth of the television was 26cm, while screen distortion of 0.4% or less and contrast of 3000: 1 were achieved.
Such design area is called \"Display optical system design\".
However, some generality and commonness must be found in order to carry out the classification.
For the last several years, a large MEMS research program has been set by a considerable financial support from the government.
The development of the high brightness blue LED element by Nisseki Chemical Co. became a foundation, and the large image system using FCLED was born, and the full-fledged FCLED large image appeared before the Shibuya station in 1995.
Au plating thickened the bond strength.
In this paper, the modular high-speed multifunctional mounting machine \"NXT (Neckst)\" of FUJI MMACHINE MF.
NXT is improving 1) the improvement of the feed accuracy of the tape feeder, 2) the improvement of the position recognition accuracy, 3) the reduction of the parts mounting load, 4) the optimization of the descent profile and 5) the reduction of the slide resistance.
This software is a common platform for FOMA terminals developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
This paper discusses the requirements for network management systems under the next generation of networks, and introduces some solutions provided by NEC.
The efficiency of this vibration generator depends on the relative speed between the coil and the magnet.
The electric power generation is 40 times as much as that in the fluctuation.
The perfect control of the emission current by the built-in TFT was realized by optimizing the TFT structure for controlling field emission, especially for reducing the high withstand voltage and the off current.
The stabilization by the TFT control was very effective, and the emission fluctuation of 0.1 was obtained.
With the digitalization of the FPU system, remote control / monitoring of FPU single units and peripheral equipments became very complicated.
The FPU remote operating panel in the Broadcasting Station has a data communications function with the mountain side FPU local operating panel, and a control/monitoring function to each equipment in the mountain and broadcasting hall.
It was confirmed that it was a useful method for unifiedly analyzing the characteristics in the drive at the power source voltage of the optional waveform.
The ratings of the trial electric motor are three ‐ ‐ phase, quadrupoles, 10 ‐ hp, 220V and 60Hz.
Slip ‐ ‐ torque characteristics are shown when the reactance values are changed, and the relation with the gerges phenomenon is shown.
In the horizontal telephone-@-@-@-@ tunnel part, horizontal or longitudinal snake was adopted from the cable occupying space surface, and snake pitch and width were decided from the results.
Since the voltage can be raised, while the electric motor is connected to the power source, the acceleration characteristic is smooth, and the shock in the starting is also little.
The energization circuit of the large current sudden short circuit current was constituted by the combination of multiple transformers, and the energization operation was examined experimentally.
The current value at-start of current at-start of climbing increased with increasing current rising rate.
In this study, a solder bridge was used as a basic model, and the formation process was observed.
In the integrated system, the information acquisition of all facilities is possible by one machine, the general management of the abnormality of the facility is possible, the burden of the management can be reduced, and the cost can be reduced.
And, this paper takes up \"inclination to multi‐media and information and communication industry\" as a theme, and introduces present trends from three sides of government, users, and information and communication industry.
The main purposes are correspondence to the extension of production facility and improvement in the working rate of production facility.
After the integration, only the exhaust of the epitaxial growth device passes through the HCl scrubber, and the other flows directly into the newly established suction chamber.
The final epitaxial system scrubber emits the exhaust into the atmosphere.
The concentration is under the detection limit of 2ppm and satisfies the environmental standard.
Next, IC destruction and electrification route were classified, and it was shown in the table that 35kV electrification occurred even in the human body.
This paper explains the merit of balanced transmission, input circuit, and attennator, and describes the features of twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit using FET as the first stage.
Adoption of custom parts such as copper foil stynene capacitor, high inertia power supply, and feeding system of BTL output stage are described.
The following are explained: Outline of each system of excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, and Nd: Yag laser, and features such as machining accuracy.
The shapes, processes, quality, application examples and problems of the build up via with the moderate taper by the laser are discussed.
By this cadding force, a part of the second radiation fin is bent and joined to the first radiation fin.
By this, warpage of the package can be prevented without increasing the number of assembly process, and the heat radiation effect can be raised.
Features of this structure are 1) photodiode detector converting incident photon into photocurrent (multiplier), 2) outside electric signal input ( multiplier ) common to every pixel, 3) current mode multipcurrent multiplicand as generating product of photocurrent and electric signal, 4) capacitor accumulating correlation result by integral of multiplier current, 5) CCD or MOS switching circuit accumulating correlation result as ordinary video signal.
Several possible structures and circuits are proposed and verified.
Applications of this sensor are also discussed.
This paper also explains degradation of the dynamic images and the countermeasures after explaining from the angle of the display system.
The equipment for evaluating the characteristics which the voltage fluctuation is suddenly changed which is generated when the fuse is inserted.
The detection time was 4 ms.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co.,, Ltd.
Decision of the standard frequency of the product, load capacity, and reflow condition are described.
The metastable RZ nonlinear pulses which propagate the transmission paths alternately connecting optical fibers with positive and negative group velocity dispersion are called dispersion management solitons, dispersion allocation solitons or stretch pulses.
The outline of the digital satellite broadcasting technology was introduced, and the present condition of the digital satellite broadcasting in foreign countries was outlined.
This paper describes the number of channels and subscriber number in U.S.A., Europe and Asia.
This paper presents an outline of this engine by the following items.
The shares of the single export for non-utility use and OEM are 38.0%, 37.7% and 23.2%, respectively.
The shipment of gasoline engine to the agricultural forestry industry and fisheries machinery department is 3352000 and 54.3% share.
The results showed high reproducibility (10 times of reproducibility analyses) with a relative standard deviation of 0.3-0.9%, a clibration curves with a correlation coefficient of 1 (6 kinds of acetonitrile dilute solutions), and a formaldehyde detection limit of 0.0018 μg / mL.
AR(Activated Radical) combustion engine is an engine which improved the conventional combustion by utilizing activated free radicals.
In conclusion, the cutting edge abrasion is Al > copper, and the minimum undeformed chip thickness is Al: copper.
As a result of trial drive to the titled motorcycle, the revolutione in the low speed range was stabilized due to the large torque at low speed, and the acceleration sensation in the high revolution range was also excellent.
The cornering was smooth and surely stable.
The specific fuel consumption rate was 18.7 km / l, which was comparable to that of multi ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ cylinder water ‐ cooled engines.
This paper describes the results of the analysis of the Urawa electric railcar depot.
A five shaft control machining center is effective for machining of dies, impellers, and various blades with complicated three‐dimensional curved surfaces.
First, this paper clarifies the differences between 3 shaft maching and 5 shaft machining, and indicates the problems of 3 shaft maching.
This paper shows that the problems can be solved and the machining efficiency can be raised by changing to 5 shaft machining.
In the case of the high pressure turbo charger, the power performance is up and winding ‐ up, and the long wheel base body is lightened.
There are some mills with additional impact boards to increase the impulsive force.
However, the features of APS are not yet sufficient from the viewpoint of sensitivity, and it is expected in future expansion tendency.
To make advanced design and size compaction of cameras are still in progress.
The system was produced experimentally in order to materialize HMD following the line of sight.
The titled structure reduces radiation noise of floor beams with sound absorbing effect by floor receiving, and attempts reduction of vibration transmission to floor boards by supporting a floor board elastically with special damping rubber.
In addition, this paper presumes that a component such as a conventional duct arranged through the floor can be installed.
In drilling of stainless steel, chip handling often causes trouble.
This paper introduces \"MagERic Drill\" which is a throw ‐ away drill of KYOCERA Co., and cutting performance of the chip breaker developed for stainless steel to be attached to it.
This drill has a shape in which an outside edge and an inside cutting edge are arranged in each 2 corners in the same tip.
This paper introduces active stability control and electric power steering developed by Delphi Automotive Co., a subsidiary of GM.
This is a system for electric control of all.
The former is a system for controlling braking forces in 2 wheels and 4 wheels respectively by monitoring movements of 2 wheels and 4 wheels in the front.
In the FINEE DATA spindle, the path which utilizes the high rotational speed and the good swing accuracy of the air ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ static bearing spindle is made.
Since the single lens reflex finder directly observes the image on the photographing lens, it can be observed as an orthogonal positive image, and it has excellent functions such as no parallax in the photographing screen.
This paper explains the structure and specifications of optical systems (visual field rate, eye point, visibility, and magnification).
The security card of the existing security system was renewed to the high-@-@-@-@ function IC card system so as to be able to be utilized even by other system (employee dining room system).
The IC chip built-in card information is read into the noncontacting card reader, and the prescribed registrated information is referred to, and the opening of electric lock and mail ailbox door is carried out.
The IC card is a hybrid type which adopts MIFARE (Philips Development).
Generally, 8 harbors called Outports and 9 harbors of Yangon harbor are opened.
Though the market economization of Myanma is delayed in comparison with Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam which are said to be the latest ASEAN 4 nations, and GDP per capita remains at $180 at the minimum, 70% of them are flatlands, and natural resources are also very cheap, and political problems seem to develop remarkably, if it is solved.
\"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System\" installed in the return air area of a clean room is about 2000 times as sensitive as a general fire detector.
And, this paper estimates the future transition of repair cost in giving the scenario of repair and reinforcement countermeasures using bridge inspection data in the service area of direct jurisdiction of national highway office, and examines the effect of various conditions and factors on the future prediction.
In order to eliminate the clearance between the lower end of pipe and the upper slab, the concrete members of the upper slab and the sidewall are jacked up by the jack on the lower slab concrete.
The titled dam is a concrete gravity type dam of 21.7m in height and 85.5m in crest length, and is multipurpose for flood control, water flowing function maintenance, and water supply.
The energy dissipator is of horizontal tapping type and auxiliary dam type.
This paper presents an approach to materialization of the titled new railway line including episodes related to patent procedures.
This paper describes the history of patent acquisition negotiations with extending the route of Osaka monorail, in the order of prior congotiations, application, and Transport the negotiation council, and in addition, to the patent.
In the future building equipment plan, the consciousness for the toilet and the utilization action were arranged, and the mutual relation was examined.
In this paper, totaling result of the questionnaire for the student was compared with the general adults.
This is an interim report of of of of of ofing the the the the regional promotion plan deciding the commissioned by Natural and Industry Activation Center from the Agency of Natural Resources and Energy of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry.
) .3) Problems in the wide ‐‐ area zone of Kiso (population problem, industrial problem, living environment, development impact of road) .4) Direction of the concept of the wide ‐ area promotion.
As a model business of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, the demonstration experiment of the traceability which carries out the circulation resources distribution hysteresis management which exceeded the border between Kitakyushu City and China and Tianjin City in October, 2005 was started.
The waviness of the global environmental research is described.
Questionnaire survey result on the second global environment researcher interchange conference was reported.
This paper examines a odor measuring method of low concentration which cannot be measured by the conventional sensory evaluation method, and describes the background.
The basis of the measuring method is the thickening of a general environment odor, and the concentration is measured by the current three point comparison type odor bag method.
The marine transportation of crude oil in the world in 1992 was 1.3 billion tons, and the crude oil import in Japan was 2.1 billion tons.
The time ‐ time ‐ variations of NH4‐N concentration in the gap water in the root zone were measured at different locations, and the accumulated removal quantity of N was obtained during the experimental period.
The classification and types of the biological treatment method are described by dividing into the classification by the reaction types of bacteria, the classification by the supporting type of microorganisms, and the types of the biological treatment method.
The generation rate of ozone and the effect of discharging in nitrogen atmosphere are described.
The calibration curve of this system for the dilution degree of odor gas by clean air was prepared.
The fusion stone processing of the sewage sludge is the series of technology to reform the sewage sludge to the crystallizing.
The type of the fusion furnace of the two processes is different, and the flow‐sheets of the two processes are compared.
There are 3 types of sonte products, sandy, gravel and block, and there are various applications for civil engineering works.
The questionnaire result of 16 management reform measures in the service station was shown by the percentage.
For the leisure flight, the airplane was left taking off the runway of Honda Airport at Okegawa City.
The airplane immediately intended to correct the airframe in the direction of runway, but the left main leg was in contact with the left runway light without a bad gear, and in addition, it was damaged from runway end to the field of runway riverbear of about 500 ‐ meter ‐ long.
Here, the aspect of the above work realized in Central Japan Railway Co., is reported.
It is to be carried out in 1999 in the Shizuoka district, and the situation is described.
This paper explains horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, and transportation and storage.
Thinning from 0.7mm to 0.5mm was examined at present, and titanium tubes adopted in domestic nuclear power plants exceeded 5130t.
The material in the title was developed with high temperature characteristics equivalent to SCH21 and low cost.
This paper reports the effect of additive elements on high temperature characteristics obtained in the development process and material characteristics.
The accuracy was inversely proportionate to the hole diameter.
In the hot rolling mill, the reduction position and speed of each stand are controlled by the gauge of the mass flow balance.
Generally, sintering and bonding can be achieved at the same time by applying electric resistance sintering.
The bonding strength is strongly influenced by the heat conductivity of the joined ingot metal.
The rubber\'s inner pressure can be kept constant.
The residual stress on the welding line, which is difficult to measure by the X‐ray method, can be identified using the strain gauge measured values away from the welding line.
The validity of the method is demonstrated by the butt welded joint experiment of SUS316 stainless steel.
And, the material was easy to be extended in the circumferential direction, and the outer diameter increased.
The formability of spline rolling of cup‐like material was analyzed using general‐purpose analysis software ABAQUS.
This paper describes causes of combustion failures in heavy oil fired boilers.
Sulfur content causes sulfate corrosion in low temperature parts such as carbon fuel economizer and air preheater.
The software in the title which optimizes the operating condition using the manufacturing equipment the title of chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metal, ceramic industries was developed.
As generic technology, statistical experimental design and optimization method, experiential modelling method, linear and non‐linear regression, data fitting and extrapolation method were used.
The recovered water was usable as raw water, and there was no necessity of the installation of the deodorizer, and the operation was possible at the odor intensity of 2.5 or less.
It is necessary to confirm the safety not to cause a fire accident by sparks under construction.
This paper explains preparation of knife for cut off of corrugators and preparation of margin ‐ to to ‐ ‐ seam knife of carton formators.
It is important to acquire the patient by himself, because there are small specially difficult points in the adjustment.
In major detergent manufacturers in Japan, used surfactants have been converted from anionic LAS to nonionic POER.
As the result, it was possible to weaken the ichthyotoxicity without lowering the detergency, if POER and anionic AS were quantitatively well balanced.
The ceramics for high frequency insulation and the evaluation were described as the titled ceramics.
The alumina, steatite, and forsterite were evaluated, and the result of the loss reduction research carried out in the Fine Ceramic Center was reported.
This paper outlines the development of low ‐ ‐ loss forsterite porcelain.
The insulation resistances, withstand voltage, dielectric constant and dielectric loss, and microwave band characteristics of high frequency ceramics are also described.
The injection molding of the glass fiber reinforced polypropylene board with the circular hole notch was carried out, and the effect of the rotation speed of the molding machine screw and the size of the hole on the fiber and hole strength was investigated.
As the rotational speed increases, the fiber breaks, and the energy release rate decreases.
Injection of short streamal chain fatty acid into the patient operated on for large intestine and rectal disorders increased the blood stream quantity and confirmed the hyperplasia of the cells.
The intrarectal infusion of short‐chain fatty acids to humans with decreased rectal functions is important not only from the viewpoint of blood acceleration of the mucosa but also from the viewpoint of the nutritional effect on the mucous cell.
Chitopoly is a product mixed with chitosan in polynosic, and has the following features: 1) antibacterial and deodorization functions, 2) biodegradability, and 3) effects on allergic symptoms.
The ceramic is made into the antimicrobial by adding the inorganic antimicrobial agent which is stable even in high temperature to the glassy layer (coating agent) which is coated on the substrate.
And, the effect of the antimicrobe treated article for generation prevention of the toilet urine scale fouling and generation prevention of the fouling (slime) was explained.
The minimum of elongation in and width direction was used to avoid the effects of elongation.
The following were examined: Correction examples of dart position and west line in the skirt prototypes, differences between the cultural style and the “Boreme\" size observed in the JIS size, correlation between the inclination of the shoulder and the forward bending, and quantification of the correction of the acromion.
In the future, not only the case of other position is added, but also the examination on the skeletal structure and the movable range for making the clothing design easy to move and comfortable is carried out, and it wants to expand the database construction.
This paper explains the circumstances in which OSAKA GAS tackled the Internet.
The intranet which utilizes the mechanism of the Internet as it is is is optimum for the system mainly on the information reading.
The server function was strengthened in order to strengthen the Intranet\'s mechanism.
The reddish brown pigment (ferric oxide) (I) and titanium oxide covered mica (II) were used as microscopic examination samples.
I was plate type, uniform thickness, 4〜8μm by the low magnifications observation of 300 magnifications.
Light ‐ field and dark ‐ field images were taken at moderate magnifications of several tens of thousands times, and many fine particles adhered on the sample surface and uniform thickness interference fringes corresponding to the change of the sample thickness were observed.
On II, the same observation as I was also carried out.
