Responding to these changes DERS can compute new dose rate.
Here was developed a phase shift magnetic sensor system composed of two sets of coils, amplifiers, and phase shifts for sensing and output.
And, it was confirmed to enable also to detect change of flow rate and volume.
Here was described a high sensitivity strain sensor using the surface acoustic waves (SAW) for radio frequency IC tag (RFID) and sensor network, to numerically discuss a strain testing meathod observing SAW resonant fequency (SAW-RF) shifts caused by the strain.
When supposing SAW-RF and frequency resolution to 1GHz and 0.1Hz, respectively, it could be calculated that detectable strain was 10-10.
To begin with, various properties of water were explained on hydrogen bond in which the force works among the water molecules and the network structure.
The article introduces technological progresses to fabricate single crystal thin films of insulator, metal and ferroelectrics on a silicon substrate.
We reported what we had done for solution of an electrification problem of a phase plate which was the most difficult problem in development of a phase difference electron microscope.
One was a fine processing technology of a phase plate, which was solved in a processing method by FIB (focus ion beam equipment).
They examined, using XPS, the change of chemical state, and the composition profile and band offset in the depth direction.
They also examined the bandgap using ESEELS method (elastic scattering electronic energy loss spectrum).
Axial symmetric quadrupole deformed nuclei were examined.
The mechanical properties and critical current deterioration under axial fatigue loading were investigated for these tapes.
The details of the result were described.
The title subject detector was developed using a superconducting tunnel junction (STJ).
This STJ is composed of Nb/Al/AlOx/Al/Nb multi-layer structure, and the substrate was a LiNbO3 single crystal.
THz wave irradiation was converted to phonons by a LiNbO3 crystal, and these phonons destroyed Cooper pairs after reaching a Nb base electrode.
Consequently, the THz waves can be detected as tunneling current signals at STJ.
A conductively coupled plasma (CCP) source was used for the former, and an inductively coupled plasma (ICP) source was used for the latter.
It was introduced into the fertilized egg of Oryzias latipes by the fusion as vasa of Oryzias latipes and result of EST analysis of Oryzias latipes on the gene of newly identified two piece to the gene of GFP or RFP.
The germ line was peculiarly manifested by this, and the analysis was carried out using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and laser scanning type fluorescence microscope.
It was possible to confirm that as a result of the examination, the fusion gene product shows the peculiar expression of the germ line, and that it forms cytoplasm structure of the patch state which seems to be the reproduction granule in the neighborhood of the nucleus.
That is to say, the stability of PFTS/Al/Si to the nitric acid ( pH<1.8,60 ℃, 30 minute ) is shown.
Molecular shape and intermolecular interaction influence self-assembled structures greatly.
After describing the characteristics of particle transport and dielectric breakdown under atmospheric pressure, typical atmospheric thermal nonequilibrium plasmas are discussed, and their properties and characteristics are reviewed.
We will also describe the AxoScan system for measuring the complete Mueller matrix of a sample, and give an example of a measurement that can be made with this technology.
A sequential control is explained, by introducing the automatic control of flow raate.
The sensor controls the flow rate by detecing the position of the float in the tepered tube with a a differential tranfromer and controlling it with the obtained voltage.
Shown here are type and basic configuration and standards of this flow with some diagrams.
Standards for type selectin, and applications to systems precaution, for standard measurement are described, giving examples of constant flow control.
Power failure and equipment damage by lightning become a problem for a radio relay station, since it is installed at the tip of a high altitude location. 24 lightning strokes to the radio tower and distribution line in winter, fiscal 1990 were observed.
The following were studied. 1) Lightning current waveform. 2) Duration of lightning current. 3) Estimation of the lightning's path of entry and lightning stroke aspect.
The United States intends to promote the international and domestic competitive power and superiority as a supreme proposition by close cooperation of government, industry, and university.
The worldwide research competition began in early 1987 reports on experiments of high temperature superconductivity of yttrium and copper oxides, and especially, national promotion policy was taken not to be left far behind Japan.
The following are described as recent trends of forming technologies : Methos including mold designs to utilize materials characteristics, and those to improve weld strength.
On application technologies, trends and prospect are described in the following fields : Injection molded products, extrusion molded products, and polymer alloys.
Both coils are cooled by a GM refrigerating machine.
Full color hologram will follow mass production.
This hologram has a feature of reproducing bright and clear images under white scattered light, and will have high value added in the future from chemical treatment process technology.
A photocurrent signal is produced using light of 420nm, which is directly proportional to the square of radiation intensity.
A database for development of superconducting material was constructed, and deduction system for material design was developed.
The geometric‐optical theory of standing wave based on ray coincidence is presented.
This kind of ray can be called wave normal ray.
Avogadro's hypothesis (1811) contributed to the development in since then.
A problem on the notation of units of atomic weight is also mentioned.
For material production, it is necessary to precisely control thermal phenomena such as fusion, solidification, and rapid cooling of a substance.
By large‐scale numerical analysis using a technique of molecular dynamics, the formation of a molecular cluster caused by changes in temperature, pressure was also studied to microscopically elucidate the super rapid transient phenomenon.
This paper described the technological development to osmose liquid fuel into the ultra low density plastic foam for forming the cryotarget which consist of the uniform fuel layer in a hollow sphere for laser fusion.
A low‐density ablator layer was formed in the outside.
This paper describes the conduction characteristic of thin film in as‐grown condition previously reported, and examines a difference from the present prepared thin film which shows superconductivity in as‐grown.
In the different conditions, the as‐grown BiSrCaCuO thin film was prepared.
In this method, two point correlation of turbulent flow fluctuation equation is separated into variables corresponding to each point.
They measured each 5,000 captured particles at each 100mm point from the nozzle to 500mm distance by the phase Doppler method (PDPA).
They measured the particles and recorded all the individual data of particles entering the measuring volume in the raw data mode with the inflow time.
Possible optical damage was removed by forming a non‐absorption region on the facet, and the maximum optical output of 180mW was obtained.
Because of the embedding heterostructure, current leakage around the threshold was minimal.
Wear of a tube bracket of a heat exchanger is calculated from measured values of a laser displacement gauge and a strain gauge type force sensor.
Infrared ray applied measurement using radiant heat is useful for stress analysis.
In the experiment, supersonic molecular beam of O2 is irradiated on clean graphite surface to scatter in a UHV room.
Both results of angle distribution of scattering O2 agrees well.
The soliton solution of the KdV equation was explained, and next, sine‐Gordon equation and breather solution of the nonlinear Schroedinger equation and 2 kink solution and envelope soliton were described.
In multidimensional lattice, it is predicted that the steady localized mode exists.
Various types of the flow sensors which measure the flow rate of fluid in the piping of a plant are used in accordance with the property and condition of the fluid.
A helical polyimide (I) film and a straight chain type polyimide (II) film were formed on a glass substrate respectively, and in‐plane orientation and tilt irradiation were carried out using UV irradiation.
The liquid crystal for active matrix was injected into the cells.
Cleavage of the principal chain of I were observed by UV irradiation, and only small tilt angles were found regardless of the irradiation angle.
The orientation of II was stable, and a reverse tilt was not observed.
Also in application fields under research are, environmental harmonized reaction process, effective utilization of unused resources, new material creation, and physical properties of reaction.
The flow pattern in the reservoir and the shape of moldings.
The storage and release of hydrogen are largely dependent on the surface quality of the alloy.
The liquid crystal particels enclosed in such polymer tend to form spheres of 1‐5 tenth μm size.
A thermal flow sensor of high durability with a wide flow measurement range from 0.005〜90m/s is developed.
The measuring method of the color is divided into spectral diffraction colorimetry method and photoelectric tristimulus colorimetry roughly, and their principles are introduced.
Optical outputs of 87mW in the continuous operation and 840mW in the pulse operation are confirmed and application for disk writing use can be also expected.
The paper explains that the spectrum of the light which transits between levels is the Lorenz type, and that the broadening of the spectrum according to the Doppler effect is Gaussian.
Laser work is done by local heating and ablation with high density light flux.
When the wavelength and pulse interval of the laser are widely varied, their effects on the damage threshold and etching rate of the diamond film are examined.
The application of the laser beam to the selective deposition, grooving, defects annealing, uniform nucleation, and adhesion improvement of the diamond film are introduced.
The fluorescence spectrum of I showed the concentration dependence indicating formation of aggregate.
By a new addition of 9 channel polarimeter to the conventional 5 channel, the measurement of the safety factor "q distribution" for the whole range of the minor plasma radius (R=3.04〜4.29m) became possible.
This paper also describes the calibration procedure, since the change of the polarization angle by the multilayer mirror is large.
Then, the latest technology trend regarding micro photo mechanical switch which is for achievement of economy and enlargement of optical switch.
This paper explains the spectroscopic investigation of the particles with a size of the nanometer order.
For comparison, IV group and I‐VII group semiconductor mesoscopic particles of which characteristics differ are explained.
Regarding the titled connector of the MT(Mechanically Transferable) type, this paper explains structure and basic characteristic.
And, MPO(Multifiber Push‐On) type connector and Mini‐MPO type connector based on this connector technology are also referred to.
In addition, poly(2) brush was prepared through hydrolysis with HCl.
The following were evaluated on poly(1) brush and poly(2) brush: Molecular weight, film thickness, surface roughness, contact angle with water, and friction coefficient with stainless steel balls and glass ball probes in water and air.
The results showed that the friction coefficient of poly(2) brush was remarkably smaller than that of poly(1) brush in water, but reversely larger in air.
Misconduct of scientific papers includes fabrication, falsification, plagiarism of data and ideas, and other various types of conduct.
At the same time we should establish an organ of judgment of misconduct, like the ORI (Office of Research Integrity) of the USA.
This paper described the new author's theory on glass transition point from crosslinked resin to linear polymer.
The author already reported the "New theory on physical properties of from crosslinked resin to linear polymer: melting point, glass transition point (Tg), and strength" in Journal of Applied Polymer Science (Vol. 97, 1467-1475 (2005)).
In the new theory, the author considered that since crosslinked resin forms different segment depending on the temperature during and after curing, its g also changes.
Polonium drew attention in the end of the year 2006, when an ex‐KGB agent was abruptly and mysteriously killed allegedly because of polonium.
Polonium is characterized as poison by (1) having a radioactivity 10,000,000,000 times stronger than that of uranium 238, (2) predominantly undergoing alpha‐decay, and (3) the fact that alpha‐ray has an extremely low permeability through human body.
The effect of nitrogen discharge light was assumed, and nitrogen discharge light was injected in the silent discharge space of the oxygen.
Ozone formation increased about 2mg/h.
The example of SHG activated molecule and the present situation of molecular design are desoribed..Next, as a method of SHG activity implementation in polymer systems, molecules having large super‐polarization coefficient (β) are dispersed in a matriz and polling is carried out.
Present situation and problems of study methods using ferroelectric polymer and introducing molecules having large β value to side‐chain.
This method needs no surfactant and has advantage of simple process compared to emulsifying liquid film method.
Its synthetic method is explained and its function is described.
Small quantity of high molecular weight PI was mixed with PI of low molecular weight, and the D of high molecular weight PI was measured.
This paper outlines the Shave‐off analysis, relative sensitivity coefficient and oxide matrix effect in quantitative analysis.
This paper describes the present facilities for the preparation of radioisotope labelled pharmaceuticals in National Institute of Radiological Science, their features and actual preparation with them.
The facilities consist of main cyclotronroom ( AVF930 and HM18 in operation which accelerate charged particle ), irradiation room for RI preparation, 2 hot laboratories in which pharmaceuticals labelled with radioisotope are synthesized, semi‐hot laboratory rooms, dispensaries, automatic synthesis equipment development rooms, and reagent preparation rooms.
AVF930 can produce many kinds of isotopes such as 123I, 77Br for the SPECT, 28Mg, 42K, 43K, 52Fe, 56Ni, 61Cu, 62Zn, 95mTc.
Selenocarboxylic acid ( RCOSeH, RCSeOH ), tellurocarboxylic acid ( RCOTeH, RCTeOH ), and their rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O‐silyl selenoester and ‐ telluroester respectively.
In the meantime, selenoesters (RCSeSR') and diselenoesters (RCSeSeR') were also synthesized.
In addition, their diversified reactivities were also examined.
Molecular and reaction dynamics of the medium density fluid ( supercritical fluid ) were examined by Transient Grating‐TG method and transient absorption method in picosecond region.
Their principles and a number of observation examples are shown.
Continuous addition of water to a homogeneous solution of water/ethanol/monomer reduced the solubility of the monomer, thus separating the monomer little by little.
This method made monodispersed seed particles absorb a large and equal amount of the monomer, in the final stage of the process.
CO2,NOX,and suspended particle materials will bring the problem.
Solar constant S is an important external parameter, when the planetary climate is decided.
Numerical model is used atmospheric general circulation model with simple hydrological process.
The construction of a hydraulic geologic layer model and the underground water flow analysis method up to the end of FY2004 in the Horonobe Underground Research Project were summarized.
We discuss the connection between the curvature perturbation spectrum generated on the brane after bulky inflation and the resulting mass spectrum of the primordial black holes in the Randall‐Sundrum type‐2 cosmology.
We also discuss the blue spectral index of the curvature perturbation using the observational data of extragalactic diffuse photon background.
We present the mass spectrum of primordial black holes and show that the spectrum coincides with standard four‐dimensional one on large scales.
We also give constraints on the blue spectra and the reheating temperature and show that the constraints are tighter than the standard four‐dimensional one.
In spring 1992, a preliminary study was carried out at Agassiz icecap in Ellesmere Island of Canadian north pole archipelago in order to determine the excavation site of ice core and examine an uptake process of impurity on the surface of icecap, etc.
As a result of the analysis, it has been found that the yearly net increment of ice at Agassiz icecap is about 40cm in terms of snowfall and there is a clear seasonal veriation in the main ionic components.
The stratum concerned should be anlayzed geologically to avoide useless or dangerous drilling.
Therefore, preparation of the finite element mesh from the cross-sectional images of actual eyeballs was attempted.
For preparation of the mesh, the mapped mesh method and the Voxel mesh method were compared and examined, and then the mapped mesh method was adopted.
Compatible solutes include polyols such as glycine betaine (betaine), zwitterionic proline, pinitol, sorbitol, and mannitol.
In this study, we improved plant salt tolerance by introducing betaine-synthesizing gene.
It has been clarified that hyperferremia is caused by the abnormality of these genes.
Expression of a mouse HSFV-like sequence (mHSFYL) which is the mouse ortholog was analyzed by the insitu hybridization and then it was proven that it was mainly expressed in the circumference of sperm cells in the testes.
Possibilities including increase of sugar transporter SGLUT1 and glucose transporter 2mRNA, increase of SGLUT1 protein, and increase of lactase and maltase activities was indicated.
As the result, coincidence was not always seen between the position of one-dimensional genome and the chromosome position.
It was found that the index which can surely define the position of the high order of the gene further than the chromosome band should be used as information of the chromosome position.
Factors intrinsic to individual plantx controlled shoot growth and branch extension and responses to eating damages depended on the levels of the factors in individuals.
As predicted, compensation was good when the plants were grown in the high-fertility soil.
A cell repellent surface was fabricated by treating the Au surface in buffer solution of MeO-PEG-SHs of molecular weight 2k and 5k.
Then, the micro cytophilic array was formed by a plasma etching technique.
The system which maintains the body balance in the time of drinking and the center of gravity oscillation characteristics by functional depression of the central nervous system were examined and a part of the mechanism in which standing upright becomes impossible by lowering of the body function with aging was clarified.
When a man overturned by the effect of drinking, the oscillation displacement in the front-back or crosswise directions (or both directions) suddenly increased.
In this case, the displacement length of the center of gravity rapidly increased in front-back direction (or both directions) and it came to overturning.
And, the time to overturning of the examinee whose speed change in the normal time was small was generally longer.
As the result, the IL-18 knockout mouse increased the body weight, the somatic fat rate and the food intake over 6〜24 months.
That is to say, it was shown that deficiency of IL-18 was related to obesity.
Subsequently, Kembridge University named it Stella.
As grasping force measuring method, to find the level of function recovery of a patient, a sensor based on the principle that optical propagation characteristics of a optical fiber are changed by its shape change is developed.
As a result, useful knowledge on interrelation of structural activity was obtained.
IL‐12 is differentiation factor which shows the common activity for T cell group, which has a different positioning on the phylogeny.
It seems that action of urging rotation of sequence which has a connection with antigen peculia recognition by cancer peptides can be also expected.
It has been verified so far that the ion range in the target could be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target using the irradiation device for the cell which was coupled to beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator.
The effect of He and C ion at various distances from the beam window on the frequency of the pollen with the leakage was showed in the figure.
Significant signal lowering by the peristaltic flow was observed in stenotic or flexal part of the vessels.
Mutation of C is various except for genotypes, and it is possible for us to distinguish C strain for patients and examines the route of infection.
The sweating amount was measured continuously by the fixation of the probe in the flat side of the left pollex, using with head down tilt (HDT) lowering head to 6 degrees below the horizon as a simulation of the microgravity.
The sweating amount by the handgrip ( for 5 seconds at the largest grasping power ) in HDT significantly lowered in the time without the back oppression in the sitting position, but the difference could not be recognized in the mental calculation load.
Therefore, the gene which controls telomerase activity is regarded as one candidacy for the cellular aging induction gene.
The possibility that unknown telomerase controlling gene existed on 3 chromosome 3p14→p21 was suggested.
Telomerase activity is high in reproductive cells and cancer cells.
Using the elongation PCR assay which authors developed, the telomerase activity of normal and canceration blood cells was analyzed.
The indication that had been limited for intractable diseases only has gradually been expanded for chronic diseases, as the safety is confirmed.
This paper introduced 3 different directions of recent gene therapy ‐ development of gene transduction, studies of the strategy, and model development.
CGRP is secreted from the sensory nerve region to the heart muscle.
The 48‐hour administration of CGRP increased the surface area of new born rat myocardial cells by about 2 times.
In the slope ways, whose inclination angles were 5 and 7 degrees respectively, the measurements were similarly performed on the case in which angles of the base dorsiflexion were adjusted to those of the slope way, or on the case in which these angles were not adjusted.
The photographs of a walking horse are taken from the side and the dimensions and positions of the geometric model are obtained from an image out of the photographs by hand method.
The luminance distribution in the geometric model area is taken and a template is made.
The speeding up, robustness evaluation, and accuracy of the process are described.
Further experiment was considered to be necessary.
In the PMWS-contracted pigs, the effective immunological response to the pathogens except for PCV2 is insufficient.
Among the small-type Crustacea, Paracanthomysis hispida of Mysidae, and Caprella japonica and C. tsugarensis of Caprellidae were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture.
The large-type Crustacea obtained were: 2 species of 2 families in Pedunculata, 3 species of 3 families in Sessilia, and 10 species of 5 families in Decapoda.
In order to study methods for evaluating the degree of vitalization in agricultural village region, a field survey was conducted with five regions deemed to be highly vitalized.
A regional activation process was collated as a flow of "input" -> "activity" -> "result" -> "achievement" to study whether activities for diverse regional developments and vitalizations were working together for cooperation.
In addition, the extraction of a system that activated regions and process and system analyses of regional activation process were used to prepare a check sheet for sustainable regional activation.
The paper outlines resource management efforts of the past year on swordfish in the Northwest Atlantic region.
ICCAT is developing a plan that can put back the stock to the MSY level with 50% probability by 2009.
Systematic protection is necessary.
In this method, this paper can grasp the underground structure in a lower cost than in the conventional three-dimensional exploration, and moreover in high-efficiency and high accuracy.
This paper presents outlines of the study and the results obtained for economic and social conditions for water conserving hydrologically sound agriculture to exist.
As a result, the following mixing ratio was the optimum for GLCA: 10 g/l of glucose, 0.5 ml/l of isothiazoline system antibacterial agent, 30 mg/l of citric acid, and 50 mg/l of aluminium sulfate.
This method was used to confirm that RNA expression varied amoung individuals of an imported recombinant variety.
Present states of agriculture and forestry of Azuma village were analyzed to understand their problems and issues.
Cultural facilities and composite industries such as sale of local foods and specialties are proposed to attract tourists who are just passing by.
On the improvement of living environments, improvement state and directions of facilities were described such as dwelling houses, roads, and traffic.
Present states of production and sales of agriculture and forestry were clarified, and promotion of local industries and development of special products were described.
In cabbage, increased productivity effect was recognized by organic fertilization, and utilization factor of charge nitrogen decreased in an organic fertilization zone, but utilization factors of nitrogen, phosphoric acid, potassium of compost was different by a type of the manure.
Zinc was a little higher in a pig excrement stable manure zone concerning heavy metal content rate of cabbage.
As representative examples that are placed on the market in Japan at present, this paper introduces the following: Biopole, Bionole, Ractie, Ecomatie AX and Potetoray.
In the same prefecture, it will be adopted as a recommended variety in place of a part of "Sasanishiki", for the purpose of cool damage prevention by the dispersion of the heading time and dispersion in the cutting time.
Though the probability that the variety encounters low temperature in boot stage lowers for the late‐season breed, it is necessary to try heat insulation of young spike by deep water control, when low temperature is anticipated in dangerous stage, because the cold resistance is weak.
The blast disease field resistance is moderate in the case of rice leaves blight.
Shimajiri group mudstone in Okinawa is classified into Neogene mudstone.
In the case of cutting sites, the principal factor of runoff mechanism is a slaking, and water erosion and collapse can also be observed in creaked portion.
In the case of banking sites, the growth of large gully by water erosion was observed.
So far, the relation between the extension of roots and soil hardness was evaluated by measuring soil hardness indirectly.
Then, with a pin penetrometer manufactured by simulating a root affected by soil hardness when penetrating soil, this paper measures soil hardness and experiments the penetration of roots.
As the result, the soil hardness with the pin penetrometer made possible the measurement of the penetration of roots, however, it was suggested that the penetration of roots was affected not only by soil hardness, but by soil pore.
The following could not be sampled in the fourth year : Acarine, Collembola.
The backgrounds of establishment of the titled "Individual horticultural products section", such as the production and consumption of safe and health-conscious, and search of agricultural products buried in mass distribution, are described.
The details in the establishment of "Individual horticultural products section" such as progress and approach are explained.
As the result of testing the died cattle 1 head and the shipped cattle 1 head and carrying out pathological and bacteriolgic inspection, they were diagnosed as the titled disease.
These findings indicated that the PVS of the medullary artery was further expanded in the course of progress of the medullary arteriosclerosis.
In the operation after 1984, for the collapse prevention, support-ring has been used jointly.
In this paper, the postoperative result was examined for 42 cases of 45 joints (man 12/woman 30,40〜82-year-old) by the re-replacement therapy in the roentgenology.
The OCP paste fused on the dentine surface and specifically around the dentinal tubule, as well as shut the dentinal tubule.
The congenital vascular anomaly theory has been so far proposed concerning Budd-Chiari syndrome(BCS).
In this study the following was examined: The gene polymorphism of codons 830 and 897 of factor V in Japanese BCS cases in the sample preservation center and Nepal BCS cases.
For 31 cases, with 58 lesions, for which hepatic tumor was indicated by other test, diffusion weighted image (DWI) as the latest MRI imaging was performed.
Regarding the lower limb artery imaging CT, for which photographing in a wide range was enabled by the MDCT, the usefulness of assessment by 3D reconstruction image and the problems are enumerated, and the improving measures are examined.
The object was 20 cases with 46 lesions of arteriosclerosis obliterans, for which the CTA of lower limb was performed.
On the 14 lesions in which the calcification was a disturbance, the patency of lumen was compared in 3D image and original image.
Repair of osteochondral defect by aotologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in a rabbit is outlined.
Results of the repair of cartilage defect by autologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in human is explained.
Good repair results for the cell transplantation group is recognized.
Regarding the operation room in use, the average dust number slightly increased after introduction of the a-pair-of-shoes system, and the frequency with which it exceeded the NASA class 10,000 significantly increased.
The article reports development and in vivo test of hydroxyapatite based porous artificial bone material.
As a result of animal tests and clinical trial, excellent results are obtained.
Then, sponge-like soft material was produced by mixing this composite material with collagen solution.
Ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of the knee has accomplished remarkable advances.
TGF‐β, EGF, PDGF and VEGF are promising as a growth factor.
Following are described: Case of recurrence sites in thoracic esophageal carcinectomy, test methods of lymph node recurrence and selection of the therapy for lymph node recurrence.
From June, 1997, the measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody by ELSIA-F750 automatic immunity measuring device on the principle of ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) was started.
The case was in a patient of untreated acute myeloid leukemia, who was hospitalized for the purpose of bone marrow transplantation, wrongly diagnosed by the non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent in the infection test, and reported as suspected of initial stage of hepatitis B infection.
For the purpose of confirmation of whether the unspecific substance has already combined in the primary reaction from measurement process and each reagent composition and checking of the difference in each item according to the reagent composition, each item was measured by an exclusive measurement container of F-750 to which antibody protein has not combined.
Obesity and insulin resistance are main for the etiology of NAFLD, and most case has complicated lifestyle-related diseases.
Though in NAFLD, the disease state seldom does not progress in as of fatty liver, the about 10% is nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and it progresses in liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
In case 1, extravasation of anti-cancer drugs during chemical therapy, after operation of ovarian cancer, caused reddening, induration, and skin ulcer.
In the meantime, it is considered that the result was bad, since there was the advanced paralysis of MMT1, though the period to the operation was short in cases of 3.
It is considered that the improvement on the paralysis of which the case in which the period to the operation is long and case with the advanced paralysis are not always significant by the operation in the elderly over 70-year-old from them in the disease state including cauda equina type with the bladder dysfunction is not obtained.
A National Hospital System Kanmon Medical Center (A National Shimonoseki Hospital) opened the comprehensive woman medical care service on September 30th in 2002.
The number of initial diagnosis patients was counted 808 in 3 years and 1 month from the establishment to October 31st in 2005.
In addition, there are some cases presenting the patterns observed often in deformative lumbar disease and compressed fracture and patterns observed in normal intervertebral disk and lumber vertebrae herniated disk, and it is necessary to synthetically diagnose with soft part shadow and pyramid abnormal signal strength.
Surgery may advise for elderly persons with pain as a chief complaint without adherence of conservative treatment operation.
Steroid injection is compared with the apparatus therapy as a practice of the conservative treatment.
The 25 patients for object were 22 survived and 3 dead, and total burn section area (TBSA) was 27.1% in average (1 to 93%), and burn index (BI) was 19.6 in average.
The IL-18 concentration showed TBSA, BI, leukocyte count and negative correlation on the first day after the burn and showed TBSA, BI, leukocyte count, C-reactive protein and positive correlation on the 7th day after the burn.
And, the average of the deceased was 626pg/mL, while the average of the survived was 334pg/mL and the average value of the survived was lower than that of the deceased.
It is an important duty that it would not produce complications for orthopedists.
Dislocation are two factors of insufficient centripetal force and collision (impingement) between socket and bone caput.
Generation causes are considered as follows: the tension inadequate of component installation abnormality of the socket and stem, collision of the femur and pelvis by the retention of bone spur, collision of the socket marginal region and stem cervix and soft tissues.
Their gene analysis revealed homozygous 2 nucleotide deletion in exon 29 of the boy and heterozygous 2 nucleotide deletion in exon 29 of the parents, which convinced the researchers the boy had hereditary C3 deficiency.
The relatively low incidence of hereditary C3 deficiency compared to other complement deletions, and why homozygous mutations rather than heterozygous mutation occur more frequently were investigated in the study.
Treatment of Basedow disease (antithyroid agent and side effect of antithyroid drug, radioiodine therapy, surgical remedy), diagnosis and treatment of Plummer disease, stimulation of hCG, iodine inductivity, and toxicosis by thyroid hormone intake are described.
Clinical pathway for patients with esophageal cancer is explained.
Records and analysis of variance are described.
It is possible to protect reduction of autopsy rate through utilization of Ai technology.
Also, it throws power to crime detection, and makes possible to identify cause of death.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was judged by the PCR method with DNA extracted from blood samples of the survival cases, paraffin samples of the pathologic autopsy cases and fresh frozen samples.
During the follow-up period 176 people died by malignant tumor.
In this hospital, the system which efficiently checked the bringing medicine for all hospitalized patient was examined, and it set up "the bringing medicine confirmation corner" before medical business section hospitalization receiving clerk from April, 2005.
In this paper, bringing medicine check business which in addition, it stationed the pharmacist in the same corner for the patient hospitalization schedule hour was introduced.
The system of this hospital was one of the efficient bringings medicine check system, and it was explained that it was the timing to which the patient can appeal for the occupational ability of the pharmacist most too.
With a share of Generic Drugs ( the GE medical supply ) heightening, and the opportunity used for more many nations increasing, the social responsibility of the GE medical supply enterprise becomes also heavy.
Contact dermatitis and Akatuki disease due to the cosmetics were suspected.
As one method for judging the pain mechanism, drug challenged test (DCT) is described.
As an occurrence mechanism of neurogenic pain, the followings are outlined: Generation of heterotopia nerve ignition, involvement of sympathetic nerve, change in posterior horn of spinal cord, sensitization of the secondary neuron and memory of pain.
Phentolamine, morphine, lidocaine or naloxone are used for the test agents.
Therapy is mentioned afterwards.
In airway inflammation, various cells such as eosinophils, T-cells, mast cells, neutrophils, macrophages and airway epithelium, and various liquid factors are involved.
It is taken seriously that Th2 cytokine is involved not only in central airway, but also in peripheral airway, in the position of airway inflammation.
In addition, the disease states of airway remodeling such as the peeling of tracheal epithelial cell and turning into embryonic cell, basal membrane thickening, hypertrophy and hyperplasia of tracheal smooth muscle, and angiogenesis are clarified, which bring about irreversible airway closure and chronically intensify airway anaphylaxia to cause the asthma to become serious and intractable.
The features of bronchial asthma are repeated paroxysmal stridor, dyspnea and cough, which tend to appear at night and in early morning, and in the auscultation finding, the sound is continuous A, especially harmonic flute-like sound.
The diseases which cause stridor and dyspnea, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, insufficiency of left heart and hyperventilation syndrome are the object of the differentiation.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of airway remodeling, and the functional polymorphism of PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors which regulate whether airway remodeling easily progresses or not.
We are able to obtain the objective cerebral aneurysm images using 4D-CTA S-MPR.
The features of clinical images and molecular-genetical features of the enhanced S-cone syndrome (ESCS) were outlined including the cases.
There are consciousness of night blindness, existence of the hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest to the middle peripheral part from the blood vessel arcade, decreases of pestles body reaction and 30Hz flicker reaction as ERG opinion, resemblance of flash ERG and pyramids ERG waveform, etc. in features of the clinical images of ESCS.
The re-rise of a tumor marker was recognized in postoperative 16th month, and the progress of the symptom could not be stopped, and the case died of the carcinomatous peritonitis.
In hepatocellular carcinoma, lymph node metastasis and remote metastasis are less than intrahepatic bile duct cancer which is the equal primary hepatic cancer.
However, the treatment becomes difficult, since mass is often formed in the multiple.
In this paper, the following were explained : Until now knowledge on the multicenter carcinogenesis and practical method of identification of the multicenter generation.
In this paper, large bowel cancer was outlined center on each therapy for metastatic liver cancer.
First the following were described : Evaluation method of hepatic metastasis and retrieval method of the liver outside lesion.
Next, the epidemiology of the hepatic metastasis of large bowel cancer was described, and on the hepatic metastasis of large bowel cancer, surgical remedy, arterial injection chemotherapy, topical treatment, systemic chemothrapy were described.
Finally, the therapy on the hepatic metastasis of the neuroendocrine tumor was described.
A remission of exophthalmic goiter was predicted by T3 inhibition test which evaluated blood T4 as an index in 182 cases.
In spite of similar cold stimulation test, a female case of 17‐year‐old showed result of differing by menstrual cycle was reported.
Cold stimulation test was carried out keepingly in 2 week, sixth before menarche, and sixth after menarch, and histamine in plasma and N‐methylhistamine (NMH) in urine before load were assayed.
Nursing of 49‐year‐old female patient caused by cerebellar infarction and bilateral paralysis after subarachnoid blood operaion.
With the nursing goal of prevention of danger and early detection of abnormality, and expansion of ADL ( action in daily life ) and self‐support, self‐help tools were also deviced.
A 78‐year‐old female patient is administered 12mg a day of trichlorthiazide (I) for hypertension, and suddenly loses her consciousness when intravenous administration of sodium hydrogencarbonate agent is conducted for the treatment of systematic vertigo at her body motions.
As results of PCR on stool collected for 99 kindergartners, Escherichia coli in the title is detected from 3 persons.
There is no problem in water supply and drainage, and a cause by food is also uncertain, but non establishment of disinfectant, possible contact of kindergartner with waste disposal and diaper storage case are showed.
These persons were improved in all cases by wearing lumbar braces or limiting exercises.
Diagnosis with MRI method are recommended for the students in junior high schools in case of suffering from the lumbago continuing more than one month without clear causes.
Recently, "silent gallstone" without symptom with peculiar gallstone is mainly recognized.
It is said that gap bag calculus is over 95%, but existing site may be discovered subclinically even in choledocholithiasis and intrahepatic calculosis.
Gallstone dissolution therapy by internal use of ursodeoxycholic acid and chenodeoxycholic acid is corvect for adaptation, and the availability is around 30%.
A case in which persistent hyperuricemia exists, needle crystals of sodium urate are deposited in synovial fluid in case of acute arthritis fit, and ingestion by polymorphonuclear leukocytes is observed, can be finally diagnosed as gout.
The first 1 time administration of usable H2 blocking agent (I) and proton pump inhibitor (II) in Japan at present is explained.
There were Omeprazole and Lansoprazole in II, and difference in therapeutic ratio by administration time was not recognized.
No rapid decrease of blood pressure was seen, and slow and stable hypotensive effect obtained especially for the patients in boundary zone blood pressure.
In order to detect a complete antibody, a physiological saline method is applied and in order to detect an incomplete antibody, an enzyme method, albumin method and indirect antiglobulin test are done.
Cross matching manual urgent blood transfusion should be prepared.
This paper describes merit and demerit of property of each of natural material and artificial material.
Crisis of 212 cases ( in 1970〜1993 ) is most abounding at 60〜69‐years‐old, and females of 20〜29‐years‐old are abounding in comparison with male of the same generation.
Spontaneous recovery of 83% was done without special treatment.
Patients of 42% within the total have dose history of the drug containing SH group, and no distribution difference of the cases by residential area is observed.
The obvious hypercalcemia was improved within a few days by large fluid therapy, and serum calcium value was normalized by administration of antithyroid agent with the normalization of blood level of thyroid hormone.
The importance of finding out exacerbation factors and optimum treatment are emphasized.
A main thing for nutritional index is measurement of in vivo energy source ( fat ) and protein source ( muscle proteins and protein of internal organ ).
There was an inverse correlation between histamine levels in the brain and duration of clonic convulsion, but there was no correlation between histamine levels and duration of tonic‐clonic convultion.
It was concluded that H1 receptor antagonist with CNS actions should not be administered to children below the age of 15.
Bacterial infection was observed in 3 cases before administration and disappeared after administration.
The detection sensitivity of the bacterial test was not always adequate compared with the test using DNA.
Next, this paper described the handling of non‐prescription drugs in view of necessity of pharmaceutical sciences using the medicine and clinical pharmacy for a pharmacist.
In addition, the concrete development of "clinical pharmacy" in a local pharmacy was considered.
Finally, this paper described ideal ways of pharmacist education for the medical treatment science.
After services, their foot arch heights lower in almost all cases, and the rates of lowering in foot height in group having foot complaints are larger than in group having no foot complaint.
A comprehensive rehabilitation system should be established.
Measurement of many items in the same tube became possible by adopting streptoavidin tube method.
Package treatment of a large number of samples is thought to become possible by using full automatic EIA analytical equipment ES600.
This paper reports the history of the music education and therapy departments, faculty of education, Kansas University.
Music therapy programs, instructors, achievements of the instructors, and names and number of students are included.
In the field of HD chronica, the following are explained : Treating method by HD chronica, present situation of membrane materials where cellulose is being replaced with various kinds of plastics, and biocompatibility of antithrombosis.
This paper further describes the summary of cerapies, and characteristics of hollow fiber membrane in which polyacrylonitrile and poly‐methylmethacrylate are used.
By conducting this operation, good effect on acid reduction and enhancement of gastric emptying ability were obtained.
Upon approval, patients were taken by video camera to observe behavior.
At the same time, records by ward attendants on the patients before and after activites were examined.
This paper presents the long‐term clinical results of 73 patients (94 knees) who had undergone high‐level cervical osteotomy for medical or medical/patellar gonarthrosis deformans 10 years or more previously.
With 23 patients (aged 66.7±10.3 on average) with miltiple cerebral infarction, the clinical effectiveness of the Chinese medicine prescription, keisi‐bukuryogan, was examined.
Primary symptoms were breathlessness with effort and right hypochondriac pain, and pericarditis was confirmed by cardiac catheterization.
In the C‐administered group, thermal reaction clearly increased the activity of R for 240 minutes.
the uncertain complaint, 10% or more were relieved in their diarrhoea, anorexia, bladder disorder and headache.
And, it is shown that there occurs a bias in some cases when the Weibull distribution is applied to the survival time by the parametric maximum likelihood method.
This paper describes the Chinese medicine therapy for adult patients who underwent and abdominal surgery, including Buku‐ryo‐san for anastomotic stricture, Dai‐kenchu‐to for intestinal atresia, and Hochu‐ekki‐to for post operative bone metabolism failure.
The marked prolongation of the QT interval was observed in V1,2 after the day following the manifestation in comparison with that in the day of the manifestation.
Hernia repair in the neonatal period and heart catheterization at the age of 3 were conducted due to a cardial murmur.
These seemed to be noticeable complications in case of extracorporeal circulation for umbilical hernia repair.
The patient was hospitalized because of aggravation of the liver function failure.
At the time of the visit to hospital, the positive result as to the anti‐HBsAg antibody were shown, but the negative result were shown at the time of hospitalization and the manifestation of hepatitis B was recognized.
It is explained that the humoral immunity was also influenced by the dysfunction of helper T cells, that the anti‐HBsAg antibody show negative, and that the intracellular HBV grew again.
Among those survived, 3 male CS and 1 male CR showed remarkable weakness such as sluggish limb movement and lassitude.
This paper describes Dr.J.Folkman's lecture both on the concept of tumor dormancy (TD) and on the relation between TD and angiogenesis.
As a human clinical case of TD, breast cancer whose metastasis appears in many years after primary tumor nests has been extracted is described.
It is possible to put tumors in inactive condition or in dormant condition by suppressing angiogenesis in experimental animal models.
For 747 cases of isolated early gastric cancer resected from 1976 to 1994 (m cancer : 404 cases, sm cancer : 343 cases), clinical‐pathological analysis was made mainly for those with lymph node metastasis.
Segmental gastric resection without pyloroplasty was superior in terms of QOL.
Airborne dust count (I) after the renewal was 100 for all the classes when there was no personel in the operating room.
The results indicate that using a calculation model based on a interface layer model to assume tension bond strength as stress direction may make stress values unequal along the interface, and that the observation may be importnat for examining interface breakage mode.
Mortality was lower in those with increased grasping power than those with reduced grasping power after 20 years.
A man tumbled over in a ski slide and was injured and then had right knee deformation and pain and so received medical examination.
From among cinnamyl compounds and 55 related compounds which were components of cinnamon bark, 13 substances showed strong antipyretic activity.
This paper recent topice on non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory agents (S) and their profiles.
This paper describes a history of the development of S, properties of the drugs, and the route of administration for the oral, suppository, injectable and percutaneous absorption drugs.
Usefulness of superacidic water for MRSA was investigated on scrubbing of staffs, environmental survey, disinfection of floor and ablution of inpatients in newborn and immature infant wards.
Adhesion control of MRSA on the patients was unsuccessful by the use of superacid water.
The covered Y‐shape artificial vessel can be clinically used when the above results have been taken into account.
In the conventional method, I was generated for 6 minutes.
Indirect assistant nurses keep the position of patients and prepares necessary instruments by observing a TV monitor.
HANP was administered to the cases 1 and 2, since they showed LOS and increased preload on the 1st day after pericardiectomy operations.
Administration of HANP resulted decrease in preload, and decrease in pulmonary congestion and CTR in breast X‐ray.
This paper describes a case (1) of a patient with a chest pain of unknown origin which developed after on operation for thyroid tumor, and a case (2) of a patient with a chest pain of unknown origin which developed following stress symptoms.
The administration of Shi‐boku‐to and Shuji‐bushi‐powder to case 1, and the administration of To‐ki‐to case 2, both of which were also treated with a stellate ganglion block in addition to drug administration, were effective in reducing the symptoms.
NMR image (MRI) is useful for elucidation of the internal construction of the tumor, and the diagnosis of the position of lamina superficialis or lamina profunda of the tumor is carried out by computed tomography (CT).
And, the positional relation between tumor and parotid gland circumferent tissues is proven by the MRI and CT images, and it is useful for the examination of the approach in the operation of the progress tumor.
This paper explains specific features of echogram, MRI and CT images in the diagnosis of the adenolymphoma ( Warthin's tumor ) and in the differential diagnosis of the parotid gland nonepithelial tumor.
This study examined the current status and future issues for the pediatric nursing and development counseling in health centers and the pediatric close health examination at the Shiga Prefectural Pediatric Health and Medical Care Center.
Since many of the children receiving the nursing counseling required development counseling, it was decided that the nursing and development counseling should be done together for those required medical diagnosis and those who could not be managed by the development counseling at municipal level.
In this study, the relation between aging and gastric acid secretion in 157 normal subjects.
It is necessary to re‐evaluate the relationship between gastric acid secretional capacity and aging by taking account of the existence of I infection and the degree of gastric mucosa atrophy.
By using deformation potential, the division of the exciting coil became unnecessary, and the impedance variation caused by reaction magnetic field due to the eddy current was able to be analyzed.
This paper presents development and establishment of the stochastic techniques on strength evaluation, reliability analysis and assurance test of ceramics.
This guideline will become a base of robot safety standard to be planned in the future.
There are many elements to be referred to know machine safety in this guideline.
Although some automated cleaning equipment are hung from rooftop by crane, many window cleaning works are by manual system.
Recent years, super-large window glass is increasing also in small and medium scaled buildings, and efficient and saffe cleaning system is required for these buildings.
Stating from the proposal of a machine (perceptron), with the basis of the learning rules of synaptic connections, the trend was shown to reach toward the error back propagation method, which was the learning method based on the hierarchical neural networks.
The following are also shown : Composition of a 2 degree of freedom control system and a sliding mode control system which is a robust nonlinear control system.
On the feature point extraction, model image which is divided into an arbitrary number of non-overlapping blocks is used.
As the importance of the Internet as a lifeline is increasing, threat of security by artificial attacks to the Internet influences very badly on social life.
This article introduces the research works under the project "Research and Development of Basic Technologies about Wide Area Monitoring Systems" (free translation,) as a countermeasure against security threat in the coming ubiquitous society.
Among these problems, the ultra-high speed traffic probe system, one of the challenges of Oki Electric Industry Co.,Ltd. is explained.
By aiming the realization of the Ubiquitous Society to 2010 by the u-Japan plan and the u-Japan policy which the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications announced in 2004,it was positioned in the policy of the IT utilization of Japan.
The ubiquitous network is caught from 2 points of "visualization " and "data communication promotion", and in the society, from the national policies and the infrastructure diffusion, etc., what kind of ubiquitous society it meets in 2010 and what kind of business prospect there will be were investigated.
Inter-touch Co. is a company of the DoCoMo group of Singapore, and as an ISP (Internet Service Provider) for the hotel, it offers the Internet connection service for the customer of 310 4,5 star hotel of worlds of 42 nations.
Compression of voice, and sound signals as the present goal and the reasons why compression and reproduciton techniques are drawing attention recently were touched on.
A configuration example of a typical image encoder is shown.
Therefore, offices were interconnected in LAN‐WAN ‐ LAN, and electronic mail and electronic bulletin board, forums were served.
It was applied to the actual image data, and its effectiveness was verified.
This paper describes effects after introduction and future prospects.
Utilization of a personal computer as a client is reported.
This paper describes operation principles, circuit structures, measurement results, etc. of each basic hardware.
This paper describes the fundamental concept and examples of the approach which aims at the fusion of the art and engineering.
It is necessary to adopt feeling and sensitivity information in communication for image and speech processing.
As a major achievement, virtual kabuki was developed in which a person is changed into a kabuki actor by using interactive environment which creates virtual environment according to communication, sensitivity agent which changes the facial expression according to the recognition of the eight patterns of feeling included in voice, such a pleasure, anger, sadness and delight, and a technology to reproduce three dimentional face model by detecting the expression image from a face image on real time.
This paper describes on a texture synthesis technique based on the expanded L system called TSL system (Texture Synthesis L‐system) which is defined as parametric, stochastic, and combined MAP L system.
A regional division encoding which effectively utilizes local properties of images is promising for reversible compression of natural images.
First, the method create the initial region by a K average clustering and deletes minute regions by comparison of color distance.
Manufacturing line and information system of supporting lineare single-hearted.
And, two object models including the business rule were combined, and the operation which created the new object model was defined.
For the model got by such procedure, it becomes possible that the program is generated automatically by applying the automation tool of design and programming.
The key to solving the problems is how to utilize self‐development.
Survey items are as follows:1) Trends of engineers ( study in 1992 fiscal year and literature search ). 2) Survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers ( questionnairing for each individual engineer ).
This paper examined problems and countermeasures concerning training and securing of engineers as well as grasping an average enginner's type based on these results.
Public employment security office is demanded from always grasping user needs to offer effectively information for job orders and job hunting.
To recover energy from SS, there are used two methods of digestion method fermenting SS at anaerobiotic state and method using dried and carbonized SS for solid fuels.
A fuel making system of the Japan Sewage Works Agency (JSWA) focuses at optmization of the conventional drying and carbonizing systems, to add high calorie to formed fuels, to simultaneously perform fuel cost improvement at operation of the systems, and so on.
Housetenboss Co., Ltd. aims at completely new "environmental future city" where natural environment is preserved and comfortable life space is maintained.
Consumed heary oil of A‐type has been reduced ( 104kl in 1994, 34kl in 1995 and 19kl in 1996 ).
Reported were the development process, basic characteristics, performance verification test, actual performance for ventilation monitoring, etc., which were performed at the high-level radioactive material research facility (Chemical Processing Facility, CPF).
In Chapter 6, the results of the study were summarized.
(May 2005)
An imaging plate has 100〜1000 times the sensitivity of a X‐ray film and good position resolution.
As for the neutronics evaluation method, the adoption of homogeneous model, correction for heterogeneous effects, and derivation of predicted values and their prediction errors are described.
In addition, the neutronic characteristics of the demonstration reactor are introduced.
The technological trend of the high-efficient electric motor was described mainly in the induction motor.
A Japanese Industrial Standard of the induction motor which the loss is less and more efficient than the convention by 1〜5% was instituted,and the characteristic evaluation method by the real load was regulated.
The usage of it is recommended in the energy saving law.
By the hybrid optical system of nonspherical mirror and dioptric lens, the following are introduced: The engine which can project the projection 62 inch distance 20cm or less screen and super thin and rear projection television experimental model using this.
However, for classification to some degree and it is necessary to find generality and commonness to classify it.
In the optics structure of such an equipment, the feature not seen by other light systems is certainly common and exists.
In this text, the basis and the feature of such a display optical system design were described based on the light system design.
For past some years, by receiving considerable financial support from Singapore government, there is set a big program on MEMS study.
Along governmental efforts promoting nano-technology and bioengineering, techniques developed for MEMS production are useful for the nano-biodevices and systems.
History from the birth of large video system using full color LED(FCLED) to date and the latest trend were described.
For the Sn-Zn solder, there is a problem in which the strength deteriorates by the reaction of Zn and Au plating electrode.
In this report, we investigated the reaction of Au with Zn, and the relation between the Au plating thickness and the bond strength.
In addition, the applied research to antireflection film and microlens arrays, templates, fine patterning masks, etc. is also described.
In the recent printed wiring board mounting, not only the parts miniaturization and narrow pitch but also the three-dimensional mounting are carried out.
In this paper, the modular high-speed and multifunctional mounting machine "NXT (next)" of FUJI MACHINE MFG. Co. in proportion to such demand is introduced.
In order to support advanced services and functions, improve communication quality and basic performance, and increase the competitive power, NTT DoCoMo Inc. has developed protocol stack software (PSS) for mobile telephone so as to control communication with wireless access networks and core networks.
Namely, in regard to the advanced services and functions, preferential connection processing for emergency calls, audio/video switchover processing during communication, and access control independent of circuit switching or packet switching are described.
Demands for the network management systems under the next generation networks are discussed, and some solutions offered by NEC are introduced.
In the future of IP/IMS (IP multi‐media subsystem), the carrier networks remarkably convert.
In order to offer the useful service on the open networks, the advanced functions, which are directly connected with the decision of the carrier business management for the network management, is required.
Not only in these, conventional demands for the efficient operator management are maintained, but also business management support and customer care service are included.
And, here was newly developed a tube-less vacuum package for its display application.
In order to respond to this complexity, the outline of an FPU remote control equipment was introduced which was developed and commercially produced for NHK.
The FPU local operating panel installed at the base station has the function to control/monitor individual equipments and to perform data transmission to the FPU operating panel at the Broadcasting Station.
The operation in the case of system fault and a steady state was confirmed.
This paper investigates the effect of rotor constant and d‐and‐q‐axis on asynchronous torque characteristics when the motor is driven by a PWM inverter or square wave.
The analysis method was confirmed effective because characteristics when driving by power source voltage with a arbitrary wave form can be systimatic analyzed.
As a thermal expansion, this paper describes present situation on the snake design of 275kV CV cable with a metal clad structure.
The acceleration characteristic is smooth and the shock during starting is also little, as the voltage can be increased in order to under connect the electric motor to the power source.
And, the starting current and power are also reduced in comparison with the direct‐on starting.
The starting device can be started up as a non‐inductive circuit.
One of the most difficult technological problems in the production of a three‐dimensional computer is electrical bonding in the direction of lamination (Z).
In the meantime, distance between wafers can not be shorter for reasons of cooling.
The titled facility consists of equipment such as flue gas desulfurization, stack‐gas desulfurization drainage, total drainage, ash disposal, coal transportation, and coal receiving.
Integrated system for this control equipment has become to be introduced.
It is used as not only goggle function, but also as see‐through function.
And, the following are also introduced : Specifications, performance values and resolution values.
And, "inclination to multi‐media and innovation of information and communication market" is taken up as a major theme, when the market now is at a large turning point after 10 years has passed since the introduction of competition principle into the market, the current trend of information and communication industry is explained from 3 sides as seen from the government, seen from users, and the industry itself.
An analysis is performed picking up the US information and communication market as a model, to make clear the problems for innovating the Japanese information and communication market and the government policy to solve them.
Main purposes are measures for the extension of production facility and the improvement in working rate in existing facility.
On the list strap which workers wear actually, the time change of the electrostatic voltage is shown in the graph.
Since highly‐pure diamond synthesis is necessary for heat sink, and considering the requirement for low cost and large area size, gas phase preparation is suitable.
Shapes, processes, quality and application examples of build up via with moderate taper by laser are discussed along with problems.
Drilling by light using photo‐polymer, and chemical etching using alkali or acid are also introduced.
A first radiation fin is set up in the one surface of a chip, and a second radiation fin is set up in an other surface.
A junction is made with cladding when the outer lead of a frame is cut.
By this, an assembly process is not increased, warping of a package is prevented, and a heat radiation effect is increased.
This paper proposes the new image sensor in which the correlation detectors between incident light and electric signal are two‐dimensionally arranged.
Features of its structure are as follows : 1) A photodiode detector converting incident photon into photocurrent ( multiplicand ), 2) outside electric signal input ( multiplier ) common to every pixel, 3) a current mode multiplier generating the product of photocurrent and electric signal, 4) a capacitor accumulating the correlation result by integral of product current, and 5) a CCD or MOS switching circuit scanning the correlation result as ordinary video signal.
First of all, the ppaer explains the memory function of PDP as a fundamental prerequisite for the television display.
Secondary, this paper explains the principle of representation, and DC and AC types representation format in reference to the television display system.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
The same product is a small, thin, and low cost product of surface mounting leadless type, and the outside dimension and inner structure are shown.
Metastable RZ nonlinear pulses which move on a transmission path on which optical fibers with positive and negative group velocity dispersion are connected alternately, are called dispersion management soliton, dispersion allocation soliton, or stretch pulses.
This paper explains information coding for information compression, multiplication of services, satellite transmission methods, limited reception of scramble etc., service information in the technology of the digital satellite broadcasting.
1)generality (free turbine system,376kW/504shp/6000rpm,103kg,reduction gearbox/gas generator/power turbine/exhaust pipe),2)structures (reduction gearbox/gas generator),3)oil system,4)air system,5)fuel system,6)control system,7)indication system,8)engine mount.
Besides, the shipment of gasoline engine to the agricultural forestry industry and fisheries totals 3352000 and amounts to 54.3% share.
And, although no aging variation was found in the standard materials, however, analyses after sampling exhaust gases should be rapidly conducted because aging variations were found in the exhaust gases.
The liquid chamber and air chamber are separate from each other, and the former covers the portion of the tire contacting with the ground.
In a minimum cutting simulation, Morse potential between atoms and nominal undeformed chip thickness are described, and analysis result is illustrated in this paper.
In conclusion, cutting edge abrasion is Al> copper, and minimum undeformed chip thickness is Al : the copper, and there was not large difference.
As a result of testing the titled motorcycle, the revolution at low speed range waas stable because of large torque at low speed and acceleration sensation at high revolution range was also excellent.
Straight running stability on a expressway was high.
Specific fuel consumption throughout the test course was 18.7km/l, which was on the same level as those of other multi‐cylinder water‐cooled engines of the same class.
A new wheel lathe is more efficient in re‐profiling than conventional milling machines, thus helping shifting from post re‐profiling to planned re‐profiling.
This lathe has DDS ( digital data system ) equipment which stores data wheel profile and wheel shape.
In other word, sharp controllability and toughness of suspension matches well.
In March, 1995, it was successful in landing on the deepest bottom of 10911m of the Mariana Trench, and its expected performance was proved.
This paper presents its system, launcher composition, controlling gears, cable structures, etc.
The subject crusher is called a jet mill, and the particles are blown from plural nozzles of cylindrical container periphery tangentially and are accelerated by high‐speed jet, and the crushing is carried out by collision of the particles between themselves and collision of the particles onto wall surface.
The classifiers using the jet are virtual impactors, elbow jets, etc., and are possible to handle the particles of simple structure, big quantity and strong adhesion.
This paper summarizes tendencies in cameras and lenses that were marketed in 1996.As shown in a monthly camera sale list, top grade and APS types are overwhelmingly abounding in 35mm single‐lens reflex and compact cameras, respectively.
However, APS cameras as well as photosensitive materials have not been developed to the highest level.
As for lenses, high magnification AF zoom lenses were conspicuously popular.
Efforts to make advanced design and size compaction of cameras are still in progress.
A head mount display (HMD) which is a equipment presenting visual images is possible to view three dimensionally.
The author proposes the concept of HMD following operator's line of slight consisting of a display for images having wide angle of view, a display for high resolution images, a sensor for detecting operator's line of sight and a display positin controller.
The author manufactured the system for realizing the HMD following the line of sight.
With the titled structure, the floor beams reduce radiation noise of the floor board which has an absorbing effect, elastically support the floor board with special damping rubber, and thus reduction of vibration transmission to the floor is attempted.
In drilling stainless steel, chip handling especially causes many troubles.
This paper introduces a throw‐away tip drill, "Magic Drill", of KYOCERA Co., and the performance of the chip breaker developed for stainless steel.
Active stability control system and electric power steering are presented which were developed by Delphi Automotive Co., a subsidiary of GM Co.
This paper describes experiences and achievements of this company concerning high speed milling and a CAM system.
view field ratio, eye point, eyesight and magnification, 3) mechanisms and actions of optical system components ;
You can have more than one Blog.
The disaster prevention countermeasures of the clean room are introduced.
"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System", which is installed in the return air area of the clean room, has the sensitivity of about 2000 times higher then that of the general fire alarm system.
In the meantime, original technologies such as "multilayer floor quake-free factory" of KAJIMA, "MiC quake-free system" of TAISEI, and "Viscose quake-free" of Takenaka Komuten are offered for the seismic countermeasure.
In the midst of being made progress the aging of highway bridge stock, it is required to develop the prediction technology of inspection and diagnosis and deterioration of bridges and the support technology capable of efficiently and systematically maintaining the bridge by utilizing these technologies.
In the fiscal year of 2004, this paper predicts the degree of damage of member based on the periodic check data of bridges by the preceding fiscal year, and prepares the calculation program capable of calculating future repair cost in the fiscal year unit corresponding to the scenario of repair and reinforcement.
In the above method pipes which support an existing traffic line surface were inserted horizontally with pressure one by one and both sides were supported by abutments composed of RC‐structured foundation piles and beams.
The concrete members of the upper slab and the side walls were jacked up with a jack on the lower slab concrete so as to eliminate clearance between the pipe lower ends and the upper slab.
The responce of non‐binding granular material pavements with thin seal coat, when it receives volume change of subgrade, is studied.
In numerical analysis, a heat similarity law which handles free welling and shrinkage as analogous to isotropic heat expansion and heat shrinkage was adopted.
As a result of analysis, this numerical analysis method well explained the response of pavement subjected to the volume change of subgrade.
A downstream apron and a hydraulic jump tyupe auxiliary dam were adopted as energy dissipators.
The approach to materialization of the new railway line in the title is introduced while referring to an episode related to taking proceedings of a patent.
Recently, the lavatory has been recognized as multipurpose space.
In this paper, the totaling result of the questionnaire for the student was compared with the one for general adults.
The survey items were divided into 8 groups : Distances to lavatory, allowable waiting time, actions after the waiting time, types of the suitable stool, and requests.
As a part of the investigation, the research supporting regional activation which highly utilizes the resourcews such as a nature reserved in the region and agriculture, forestry and fishery produts is carried out.
The research subject is "the project of exchanges utilizing the regional resources, adding more value on regional specialties and measures for the settlement of the youth".
The measures for regional improvement aiming at expansion of the interchanging zone area, and promotion and creation of the industry in the area were examined, taking advantage of the time that National Route 361 connecting Inadani and Kisodani was approved in the business as a high standard road.
The content consists of the following. 1) Outline and background of the wide‐area zone. 2) Basic issues of the wide‐area zone : General ( Promotion of settlement and maintenance of vitality ‐ basic issues of the area, improvement of social capital which supports the settlement and exchange, reconstruction of regional economy, reconstruction of the autonomy and making of mechanism of new regional operation ). 3) Issues of Kiso wide‐area zone : Detailed explanations ( population problem, industry problem, living environment, development impact of the road ). 4) Directivity of Kiso wide‐area promotion plan.
The paper introduces the SBS (sick‐building syndrome) including the explanation.
Even in Japan, a new word of "new construction sickness" was disseminated, and the concentration of the volatile chemical substance, dust, and carbon dioxide was started to be examined in relation to the indoor environment, in particular, improvement of the sealing degree and insufficiency of the ventilation.
Examination/anlaysis of the symptom, and observation tests for the indoor environment of highly sealable houses are described.
For a model project on the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry (METI), a proof-test on traceability carrying out distribution history management on the circulated resources beyond the borders between Kitakyushu city and Tianjin city in China was begun.
Regarding a research manager at Global Enviromental Research Center.
An odor measuring method for low concentration was examined which can not be measured by conventional sensory evaluation method, and the background was also described.
World marine transportation of crude oil in 1992 was 1,300 million tons, and the import of crude oil in Japan was 210 million tons.
Recent major oil pollution accidents of a tanker are introduced.
Time‐series variations of NH4‐N concentration in gap water in the rooting zone were measured in different positions, and accumulated removal quantity of N during the experimental period was obtained.
In the peripheral part, development of root hairs was remarkable, which was considered to be mainly due to absorption + nitrification of the plant.
Nitrification quantity was estimated at about 7070 of absorption quantity, from the measurement of growth and components of Zizania latibolia Turcz.
Concerning the principle of water treatment, it describes phase transfers of the contaminants, and sizes of the contaminants and water treatment.
Decontamination process by silent discharge for gasified trichloroethylene (TCE) developed by Tokyo Metropolitan Industrial Technology Center was described.
Decomposition rate of TCE in concentration of 260, 600 and 17,000 ppm was 100, 99 and 72% respectively under selected conditions.
A calibration curve of this system is made for dilution of odor gas by clean air.
For the fusion stone processing, there are "ash fusion stone processing" for producing stone products from incinerated ash and "cake fusion stone processing" for directly producing the products from a dehydrated cake.
The sonte products are classified into three types of sandy, gravel and block, and are applied for various civil engineering works.
This paper explains the report of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry and Agency of Natural Resources and Energy on the supply of petroleum products, the pillar of which consists of "the freedom of choice" mutually conferred on each businessmand and "the clarification of the terms of transaction".
The pilot‐in‐command immediately took a corrective action to return the airplane to the direction of runway, however while the airplane could not attain altitude, the left landing gear touched the left runway light, then the airplane was forced to land on a farm in a riverbed located about 500m from the end of the runway and damaged badly.
The cause of the accident is estimated as some improper control by the captain.
Railway schedule data are directly inputted into the PRC system remotely controlling signals from an operation planing data system, while replacement and construction data are inputted as supplementary ones because of efficient operation.
This system is scheduled to go into service in Shizuoka district in 1999.
Recently the natural gas called an unconventional type is being also developed, by the technical distinguishing from conventional type is not necessary.
This paper explains a horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, transportation and storage.
Welded titanium tubes were verified that they could be utilized as a heat transfer pipe material for condensers for power plants and for the chemical industry and were provided with excellent corrosion resistance against water.
The thinning to 0.7〜0.5mm is at present examined, and titanium tubes adopted in domestic nuclear power plants exceed 5130t.
The paper also explains the effects of each component on high‐temperature tensile strength, and introduced the component composition of the developed material.
Piercing process of thin sheet with ultra‐high‐pressure gas features good fractured surface with no burrs.
To evaluate practicability of this system, it has been studied whether thickness of metal sheet to be processed influences piercing mechanism, dimensional accuracy and gas pressure.
In finishing hot rolling mill, gauge thickness change during rolling is performed by changing reduction position and speed of each stand in order so as not to disturb mass flow balance.
In order to check the possibility of gauge thickness changing during rolling, the test system was provided after check by simulator using technique to control mass flow variation, and it was applied to actual rolling mill.
In this study, a press which repeatedly produces noise with similar characteristic pattern is taken up, and sound attenuation simulation is conducted using three types of noise prediction systems.
The simultaneous sintering and joining of a sintered body to an ingot metal by resistance sintering was examined.
Melting at the joining part of the base metal remarkably improves the bonding strength.
It was made clear that high bonding strength is obtained with low melting point material such as aluminum alloy, even if its heat conductivity is high, since melting is done at the joined part and it penetrates into the sintered body.
An experiment to form a branch pipe on a part of the main pipe of an aluminum alloy pipe with rubber was conducted.
Two methods were adopted : a method to thrust rubber and pipe together to the axial direction with a pair of cylinders on the left and right, and the other method to thrust rubber and pipe individually to the axial direction with two pairs of cylinders on the left and right.
The results indicate the possibility of making the branch pipe higher by the optimum setting and control of rubber inner pressure.
After the nondestructive stress measurement by X‐ray, the sample is cut, and the stress distribution is estimated from the changing data of strain gauge at the specific points.
The verification was made in the butt welded joint experiment of SUS316 stainless steel.
The too high rotation speed produces the reverse deformation.
The material tends to stretch in circumferential direction to expand the outer diameter.
The electrophotographic process is widely applied not only to analog copying machine but also to laser printer, facsimiles, etc. with the advance of personal computer and digital technology.
So far monochrome has been the mainstream, recently coloring has been advanced very rapidly.
Toxic substances in heavy oil is a cause of failure.
It becomes a cause of corrosion, since the ash content melts in softening, and adheres to high temperature parts.
A software in the title which optimizes the operating condition of manufacturing equipment in chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metal, ceramic industries is developed.
This operation can be carried out with a Windows installed personal computer with CPU over 133MHz and memory over 32MB and often gives result within 2 to 3 hours.
This paper describes a water recovery and reuse system for DMSO ( dimethylsulfoxide )‐containing wastewater discharged from the liquid crystal display production process.
A biofilm process was developed capable of treating the wastewater containing several hundred mg/L of TOC to below detection limits without emitting odor.
Pilot plant tests showed the system gives clean water reusable as feed water to deionizers.
Total abolishment of CFC for PUF is decided, and substitution materials will be used.
The can contained foaming PUF tends to explode at a temperature over 40℃, and the gas is easy to leak out from the valve made of rubber in degradation.
This paper explains the preparation of a knife for cut off of corrugators and a margin‐to‐seam knife for carton formers.
Regarding protective devices of the machine, structures of a torque limiter, a torque releaser, a stopper, and hydraulic relief valve, etc. are illustrated.
Since specially difficult points are few for the adjustment, it is important to master the technique by oneself.
This paper also reports that is is recommended for service new of the machine manufacturers to acquire the experience by making the most of the time of a business trip.
Molten carbonate type reaches the stage to promote development of 1,000kW class power systems.
Alumina, steatite, forsterite were evaluated, and the result of loss reduction research conducted in the Fine Ceramic Center is reported.
Electrical evaluation of high frequency insulation ceramics and a dielectric resonator capable of measuring low dielectric loss in microwave band are introduced.
As Sm2Fe17N3 decomposes above 550℃, sintering preparation is not possible, it, therefore, is promising as bond magnets.
Applications of the magnets in which their high magnetic properties and high heat resistance are utilized, are introduced.
The energy release rate was measured by the AE measurement in tensile loading on the plate specimens of rotation speed varied in the range of 100〜300rpm and hole radius varied in the range of 0〜2.5mm.
This paper describes the effects of short‐chain fatty acids on the secretion of pancreatic juiced and peptide YY, and microcirculation of the large intestine.
This paper confirmes increase of blood stream quantity and hyperplasia of cells when the short‐chain fatty acid is infused into a patient operated on for large intestine and rectal disorders.
Establishment of processing conditions in rayon is required to keep a certain degree of strength by treatment.
Antibacterial and deodorization functions have recently been required for people to enjoy comfortable lives.
Antimicrobial property of the ceramic for Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus and MRSA, its durability and safety are described.
Problems to improve performance of antimicrobial function are explained.
The function of server was strengthened in order to strengthen the Intranet's mechanism.
The construction of the total business support system utilizing Intranet is promoted.
In addition, various technological development programs are advanced in order to construct convenient applications.
Lattice images were not obtained by high resolutin power image observation.
It was found that the printed image had lower image thickness and higher uniformity in thickness.
